WS5e84afe4a310128217283ba9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e84afe4a310128217283ba9.html	2020-04-01	Wimbledon cancelled in 2020 due to coronavirus pandemic	A Wimbledon logo is seen inside the grounds at the Wimbledon tennis championships in London June 23, 2008. [Photo/Agencies] LONDON - The Wimbledon Championships scheduled to take place from June 29-July 12 have been cancelled this year due to the coronavirus pandemic, the All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC) said on Wednesday. "It is with great regret that the main board of the All England Club and the committee of management of the championships have today decided that The Championships 2020 will be cancelled due to public health concerns linked to the coronavirus epidemic," the AELTC said in a statement https://www.wimbledon.com/en_GB/news/articles/2020-04-01/cancellation_of_the_championships_2020.html. "The 134th Championships will instead be staged from June 28 to July 11, 2021." It marks the first time in 75 years that the grasscourt Grand Slam will not be held after the second World War prevented organisers from holding the tournament between 1940-1945.  Reuters
WS5e847e2ea310128217283b5c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e847e2ea310128217283b5c.html	2020-04-01	Asymptomatic infections are small percentage of novel coronavirus totals	A researcher does a nucleic acid test at the KingMed Diagnostics, a company commissioned to do coronavirus infection test in Wuhan, on March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Asymptomatic infection of the novel coronavirus, which has caused increasing concern among the public, is still a very small proportion among total infections, and could be effectively detected by nucleic acid testing, a senior testing expert in Shanghai said. "The test result is a numerical number and it doesn't have anything to do with whether the patient will eventually show symptoms or not," said Li Chongshan, deputy director of the Division of Microbiology under the Shanghai Municipal Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Amid the rising number of asymptomatic infections, China has scaled up screening of such cases and expanded testing to close contacts of infected patients in an effort to prevent a possible domestic rebound of the outbreak. Seen from Shanghai's data and that of the whole country, patients with asymptomatic infections who did not show any symptoms throughout the 14-day incubation period or even longer, only accounted for between 1 and 5 percent of the total number of patients so far, Li told China Daily in an exclusive interview on Tuesday. "A case that didn't show any symptoms of the novel coronavirus when testing positive for the virus would usually develop symptoms in several days. That means they were in the incubation period of the virus when taking the test," he said. Medical experts said that in most cases, a person can test positive for the virus through a nucleic acid test two to three days after getting infected. The Shanghai CDC Division has been responsible for producing lab test results for inbound passengers arriving in Shanghai who showed fever or respiratory symptoms. It also is responsible for suspected cases discovered through epidemiological investigations at customs since the municipality beefed up measures to curb the spread of the virus from overseas in early March. About 200 to 300 samples are being sent for tests at labs there every day. All the other samples from inbound travelers were sent to the 16 district CDCs in the municipality according to their residential addresses. Shanghai started on March 6 to require travelers from four countries severely affected by the outbreak to be subject to epidemiological investigation at customs and a 14-day quarantine. The scope has since been expanded gradually, and as of March 23 all inbound passengers must take the nucleic acid testing. Li said 37 lab workers are divided into groups and working around the clock in the labs to ensure the test results are produced efficiently and accurately. Also, there is no false-positive or slightly positive COVID-19 case in the final clinical determination, he said. "There are actually some test samples, of which the result of the test lasting six to eight hours, fall into the grey area between positive and negative, and we'll turn to a testing kit from another producer for another test. If both tests show the same result, we'll categorize it as a positive case, judging from the lab tests," he said, adding that they regularly use testing kits from three producers. If the second test produces a negative result, they will request another sample, a swab at the person's throat, in 24 hours, for another test. If the third test result is positive or between positive and negative, they will determine this as a positive case. Otherwise, it will be deemed as a negative case, he said. Till now, they have not missed one single positive case or mistaken a negative case as positive, according to Li.
WS5e845078a310128217283acd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e845078a310128217283acd.html	2020-04-01	Pape Diouf, who led Marseille to Ligue 1 title, dies from coronavirus	  Former Marseille president Pape Diouf holds a news conference to announce his candidacy for the upcoming municipal elections in Marseille, Feb 4, 2014. [Photo/Agencies] MARSEILLE - Former Marseille president Pape Diouf has died aged 68 after contracting the novel coronavirus, a family source told AFP on Tuesday. Diouf, who was born in Chad but had French and Senegalese citizenship, led the club between 2005-2009 and helped build the side who lifted the Ligue 1 title in 2010. He was hospitalised in Senegal after contracting the virus there and became the country's first COVID-19 fatality. Diouf had been due to leave for Nice earlier on Tuesday to be treated in France, but a sharp deterioration in his health -- which saw him placed on a respirator -- prevented him from boarding the plane. Diouf was also a journalist and football agent before taking over at the Stade Velodrome. Moving to Marseille aged 18, he was set on a career in the military, but soon switched paths. After studying at the prestigious Sciences Po in Paris, he worked at the La Marseillaise newspaper before becoming a football agent, most notably for Didier Drogba, who enthralled the Velodrome in 2003-04. He later became president at Marseille, "a difficult post, where there were very few men from diverse backgrounds," said Jacques-Henri Eyraud, the club's current president. "But he fought tooth and nail, and won the hearts of thousands of supporters." Diouf himself was acutely aware of the lack of diversity at the management level, telling an interviewer in 2008 that the fact he was the only black president of a top-tier European club was "a painful observation". "Pape will remain in the hearts of the Marseillais forever, as one of the great architects in the club's history," Marseilles said in a statement. Senegal President Macky Sall also paid tribute to "a great figure of sport" on Twitter. "To his family, I offer, on behalf of the nation, my deepest condolences." AGENCIES VIA XINHUA
WS5e844394a310128217283a93	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e844394a310128217283a93.html	2020-04-01	Australian rugby staring into abyss as coronavirus shutdown takes toll	Australia's Israel Folau runs in to score their first try in London, Nov 24, 2018. [Photo/Agencies] SYDNE - More than 100 staff cleared their desks at Rugby Australia's shiny offices near Sydney Cricket Ground on Tuesday and Wednesday in a troubling portent of an uncertain future for the game in the wake of the coronavirus shutdown. Already cash-strapped after five years of only modest success on the field and ructions off it, the suspension of all professional sport to help contain the pandemic has come as a perfect storm for rugby union's governing body in Australia.   While other unions around the world have been forced to cut costs, and USA Rugby are making the tactical move of filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy, few face a future as bleak. Twice world champions and World Cup finalists as recently as 2015, the Wallabies are undoubtedly one of the powers of the international game. In response to the crisis, Rugby Australia Chief Executive Raelene Castle agreed to a 50 percent pay cut before announcing on Tuesday that 75 percennt of RA staff would be laid off for three months with those remaining working shorter hours on reduced wages. RA's 2019 accounts have yet to be signed off because of the uncertainty but Castle said in announcing the layoffs that they faced a "worst case scenario" of A$120 million ($73.54 million)losses in revenue, a devastating amount for a body of its size. Former Wallaby Rod Kafer, now a television pundit, said on Wednesday the roots of the crisis predated the coronavirus pandemic and called for wholesale changes at the top. "This concept for the rugby community that 'everything's okay, just trust us' when the CEO says we're staring down a A$120 million hole? How did the board allow the game to get into that position?" he told Fox Sports TV. "We know rugby was sick a long time before the coronavirus came along. Rugby's been sick for years, people have been calling for change and it hasn't occurred. And yet, the same people who've taken us off the cliff are still in charge." Reuters
WS5e843a52a310128217283a4b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e843a52a310128217283a4b.html	2020-04-01	Italy's Chinese help beat coronavirus	Businessman Luca Zhou, 56, wearing a face mask is seen on the streets of Prato, home to the biggest Chinese community, in Italy March 30, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] FLORENCE - In the storm of infection and death sweeping Italy, one big community stands out to health officials as remarkably unscathed — the 50,000 Chinese who live in the town of Prato. Two months ago, the country's Chinese residents were the butt of insults and violent attack by people who feared they would spread the coronavirus through Italy. But in the Tuscan town of Prato, home to Italy's biggest single Chinese community, the opposite has been true. Once scapegoats, they are now held up by authorities as a model for early, strict adoption of infection-control measures. "We Italians feared that the Chinese of Prato were to be the problem. Instead, they did much better than us," said Renzo Berti, top state health official for the area, which includes Florence. "Among Chinese resident in Prato there isn't even one case of COVID contagion," he said, referring to COVID-19, which has killed almost 12,000 people in Italy, more than in any other country. Chinese make up about a quarter of Prato's population, but Berti credits them with bringing down the entire town's infection rate to almost half the Italian average — 62 cases per 100,000 inhabitants versus 115 for the country. Prato's Chinese community, built originally around the textile industry, went into lockdown from the end of January, three weeks before Italy's first recorded infection. Many were returning from new year holidays in China. They knew what was coming and spread the word: stay home. So as Italians headed to the ski slopes and crowded into cafes and bars as normal, the Chinese inhabitants of Prato had seemingly disappeared. Its streets, still festooned with Chinese New Year decorations, were semi-deserted, shops shuttered. There is some anecdotal evidence that Chinese people elsewhere in Italy took similar precautions, though national data on infection rates among the community is unavailable. The health ministry did not respond to an email seeking comment. Milan restaurateur Francesco Wu, a representative of Italian business lobby Confcommercio, said he urged Italian counterparts in February to shut down their businesses, as he had done. "Most of them looked at me like a Cassandra," he said. "No one could believe it was happening here ... Now Troy is burning and we are all locked inside." 'ITALIAN FRIENDS LOOKED AT ME ODDLY' When Chinese-born businessman Luca Zhou flew home from China on Feb 4 to rejoin his wife and 28-year-old son in Prato, he put himself straight into quarantine in his bedroom for 14 days, separated from his wife and son. "We had seen what was happening in China and we were afraid for ourselves, our families and our friends," said the 56-year-old, who has a business exporting Italian wine to China. After emerging from his self-quarantine, he ventured outside in mask and gloves. He said the few other Chinese on the streets also wore them, anxious not to spread the virus to others. "My Italian friends looked at me oddly. I tried many times to explain to them that they should wear them ... but they didn't understand," Luca said. "When I came back to Prato, no Italian authority told me anything. We did it all by ourselves. If we had not done it, we would all be infected, Chinese and Italians." "In Prato, there was a boom in take-up," said local health director Berti, saying families had been obliged to contact his authority if they wanted to pursue this option. It was then that he began to realize how differently the Chinese were behaving. More than 360 families, or around 1,300 people, registered as having put themselves into self-isolation and also signed up to his authority's health surveillance scheme, which monitored symptoms remotely and communicated with them in Chinese. As Italian infections began to take off in late February and early March, some families, many of whom retain Chinese citizenship, even began sending children to relatives in China, alarmed at the attitude and behavior of Italians around them. Another who went into self-isolation after returning home from China was 23-year-old university student Chiara Zheng. "I was conscious of the gravity of the situation. I felt a duty to do it for other people and those close to me." Reuters
WS5e8431eea310128217283a21	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e8431eea310128217283a21.html	2020-04-01	36 new coronavirus cases on mainland; all imported except one	People wear face masks near a bus stop on a street in Beijing, on March 30, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] A total of 36 new confirmed cases of coronavirus infections and seven deaths were reported on Tuesday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 81,439 and 3,300 respectively, the commission said. With only one locally transmitted case in Guangdong province, the rest of the infections were all imported cases, bringing the tally to 806 as of Tuesday midnight, said the commission on Wednesday. Of the 806 imported cases, 691 patients were still being treated, including 20 severe cases, while 115 patients had been discharged from hospitals after recovery by the end of Tuesday, with no deaths reported. With another 26 new suspected cases reported Tuesday, a total of 172 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus, it added. Also on Tuesday, 186 people were discharged from hospitals after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 62 to 466. A total of 76,238 people had been discharged from hospitals after recovery as of Tuesday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 707,913 people with close contact with patients, adding that among them, 1,418 were discharged from medical observation Tuesday, with 20,314 others still under medical observation. The Chinese mainland also reported 130 new asymptomatic cases on Tuesday, along with 302 discharged from medical observation. So far, a total of 1,367 asymptomatic patients infected with the virus have been put under medical observation, according to the commission. By the end of Tuesday, 714 confirmed cases including four deaths had been reported in Hong Kong, 41 confirmed cases in Macao, and 322 in Taiwan including five deaths. And 128 patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 39 in Taiwan have been discharged from hospitals after recovery. Hubei province, the hardest-hit region on the Chinese mainland, reported one imported case and saw six new fatalities on Tuesday. The latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the province to 67,802 and total deaths to 3,193. The province also saw 173 patients discharged from hospitals after recovery on Tuesday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 63,326, it said, adding that Hubei had zero suspected cases as of Tuesday midnight.
WS5e84084fa3101282172839b8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e84084fa3101282172839b8.html	2020-04-01	Chinese expert: even 'mild' coronavirus cases require a quarantine	Dr Yang Gonghuan, former vice-director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the equivalent of the US CDC. Without the effective quarantine of even those with mild cases of the coronavirus, it's hard to see a real slowdown in the crisis, according to Dr Yang Gonghuan, former vice-director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the equivalent of the US CDC. Since returning to New York from Beijing in late February, Yang, who lives with her husband in Flushing, Queens, has been closely watching the pandemic, which has hit New York much harder than any other US city, with a toll approaching 41,000 infections and more than 900 deaths as of Tuesday morning, according to NYC Health data. Of the city's five boroughs, Queens, with a large concentration of working-class people and immigrants, has suffered the most. "In New York, it's true that a lot of measures have been taken by the state government, including closing all non-essential businesses and banning any gathering of more than two people," she said. "But all these efforts may have partly been undone by the fact that for the moment, effective quarantine that lies at the core of prevention is still very much lacking. "Only by stopping the infected people from spreading the virus to those around them can the city finally begin to gradually free itself from the tightening grip of the disease," she said. Currently, only people showing severe symptoms – such as chest pains and breathing difficulties – are admitted to the hospital, where testing is performed. Those who are experiencing a mild fever, cough or other non-critical symptom are asked to go back home for self-quarantine, without any testing. "At this moment, the current guidance — and this may change — is that if you have symptoms that are similar to the cold and the flu and these are mild symptoms to moderate symptoms, stay at home and try to manage them," Dr Patrice Harris, president of the American Medical Association, told CNN, recommending rest, hydration and medications that reduce fever. In an area such as Queens, where it's not uncommon for a working immigrant family of four or five to live in a single-room apartment, one infected family member could easily pass the virus onto others, even while wearing a mask and taking other preventive measures. And the other family members, who may or may not have been infected, are still going out, to supermarkets for example, before the onset of any symptoms. "Back when China was struggling with the epidemic, there were torrents of reports from Western media about what China was doing with Hubei, the hardest-hit province, and with Wuhan – its capital city and then the epicenter of the outbreak," she said. "People talked about the lockdown of the city as the single most dramatic and desperate effort to contain the virus. "While the lockdown is essential in halting the virus' spread to the rest of the country, it's what has been done inside the province that has helped to eventually bring down the numbers," she said. "And these are the things that I believe decision-makers in New York should be really looking into," she said.   Medical personnel tend to people inside RVs set up by Los Angeles County stand in a parking lot at Dockweiler Beach RV Park to temporarily house individuals needing quarantine to prevent the spread of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Los Angeles, California, US, March 28, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] According to Yang, who was closely involved with China's fight with the SARS epidemic in 2003, in early February, Wuhan began in earnest to try to isolate all infected, about 10 days after the lockdown. "Initially, not unlike what's happening right now in New York, the mildly ill were asked to self-isolate at home, a mistake that was quickly recognized and corrected," she said. The construction of the first makeshift hospital commenced on Feb 3. It took an average of 1.5 days to build one, with the number of beds ranging between 700 and 900. In total, 16 such hospitals were built in Wuhan, the last one in operation until March 10. More than 12,000 patients, all with mild symptoms upon admission, stayed in the hospitals at one time or another. "Initially we didn't have enough test kits, so we didn't have everyone tested, although an overwhelming percentage of those with minor symptoms did test positive later," she said. "But what we did was that we made sure that those suspected of being infected would not become a source for further spreading." As Yang was talking on Monday morning, a US Navy hospital ship docked in Manhattan, adding another 1,000 beds to the nearly 3,000 that are now ready for patients at the Javits Convention Center, converted into a temporary hospital by the US Army Corps of Engineers over the past few days. Unlike the makeshift hospitals in Wuhan, those spaces will not be for COVID-19 patients, but for people with other ailments who are currently hospitalized or will require hospitalization. The purpose is to make more beds available in New York hospitals for people who are victims of the pandemic and demonstrate severe symptoms. In the meantime, those deemed not seriously ill will be asked to stay at home. "Frankly I don't think this is the best idea – you've got to plug the bottle, and centralized quarantine is a proven, effective way to do it," said Yang. "Otherwise, you'll just continue to have more and more severe cases."
WS5e83f954a3101282172838c3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e83f954a3101282172838c3.html	2020-04-01	With hospitals under siege, US to build hundreds of temporary coronavirus wards	Military personnel set up the 627th Hospital Center field hospital at CenturyLink Event Center on March 31, 2020 in Seattle, Washington. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON/NEW YORK - The United States aims to build hundreds of temporary hospitals to ease pressure on a healthcare system under siege from the coronavirus pandemic, with the US death toll now topping 3,600. In the face of such an onslaught, the US Army Corps of Engineers is searching for hotels, dormitories, convention centers and large open spaces to build as many as 341 temporary hospitals, Lieutenant General Todd Semonite, the head of the corps, told the ABC News "Good Morning America" program. US officials have said the pandemic could lead to 100,000 to 200,000 deaths in the United States. Besides straining infrastructure, the pandemic is taking a toll on doctors, nurses and other healthcare workers, who are overworked and lack the medical devices and protective gear needed. "The duration itself is debilitating and exhausting and depressing," New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told a news conference where he revealed that his brother, CNN news anchor Chris Cuomo, had tested positive for the virus. "I'm speaking to healthcare professionals who say, 'Look, more than physically tired, I'm just emotionally tired.'" The corps, the engineering arm of the US Army, already joined with New York state officials to convert New York City's Jacob Javits Convention Center into a 1,000-bed hospital in the space of a week. Like many temporary hospitals, the center will relieve the pressure by taking non-coronavirus patients. That will allow existing hospitals to focus on patients with COVID-19, the respiratory ailment caused by the coronavirus. Confirmed US cases surged to nearly 180,000 with 16,000 new positive tests reported on Tuesday. For a second day in a row, the United States recorded over 500 new deaths as the total climbed to nearly 3,600, according to a Reuters tally of officially reported data. Besides the convention center, New York has a new field hospital in Central Park and another is being built at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center where the US Open is played. The convention center is blocks away from the Hudson River pier where the US Navy hospital ship Comfort docked on Monday, ready to take up to 1,000 patients. It is similar to the USNS Mercy, which is already treating patients off Los Angeles. Authorities in New Orleans, Los Angeles and Chicago were setting up field hospitals and convention centers. Illinois and the Army Corps of Engineers have identified two other sites in that state, Governor J.B. Pritzker said. New York remains the epicenter of the outbreak in the United States. The state reported another 332 deaths on Tuesday, raising its total to 1,550, and another 9,298 new cases. Reuters  
WS5e83f2cfa31012821728387f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e83f2cfa31012821728387f.html	2020-04-01	Tech companies join battle to protect citizens against novel coronavirus	Fever-detecting helmets from China allow health officials to detect high temperatures. Photo provided to China Daily Fever-detecting helmets from China are soon to be shipped abroad, as countries around the globe seek technological solutions to combat the COVID-19 crisis. The helmet, made by Shenzhen-based startup KC Wearable, allows police officers and public health officials to detect high temperatures in people from up to 5 meters away, according to the company, which launched the device internationally this week and which has already received orders from Europe, Africa, and elsewhere in Asia. "COVID-19 continues to pose unparalleled challenges to our way of life around the world," said Guo Jie, who is global head at KC Wearable. "Amidst the chaos, there are two overriding priorities. Firstly, protecting the health and safety of our citizens; and then getting back to our normal way of life. The KC helmet is our first step in achieving both aims." Officials wearing the device have conducted millions of tests in Chinese cities, including Shenzhen, Chengdu, and Shanghai. The company says wearers can test up to 13 people at one time, and scan the temperatures of as many as 200 individuals in a minute. "This smart helmet exponentially improved our work efficiency," Shenzhen People's Hospital said in a statement. "It can not only measure the body temperature, but also directly match the data of patients' information by scanning the QR code. It's simple and convenient." Bernardo Mariano, who is director of digital and health innovation at the World Health Organization, said China provides a good example of how technology can be used to bring outbreaks under control. "The good practices from China, for example anti-epidemic robots, fast body-temperature testing solutions, and big-data analytics for decision making, set good examples for other countries," Mariano said. Robots were deployed in hospital wards in Wuhan to deliver food, allow video communication between doctors and patients, and perform other tasks while minimizing human-to-human contact. The WHO says other notable uses of technology in China during the outbreak included AI-assisted gene sequencing, which reduced the time needed for viral gene analysis from several hours to 30 minutes, and the use of big-data analytics platforms to track the spread of the virus. "China now has new forces outside of the conventional healthcare system to combat the coronavirus, to bring the disease under control," said Mariano, who noted that the novel coronavirus outbreak has led to an unprecedented push for anti-epidemic technology. South Korea is using pop-up testing booths to screen citizens for COVID-19, and the nation has also made apps available that let people know if they are nearing locations that were recently visited by infected people. Authorities in China have used drones to spray disinfectant on public areas, while French police have used the flying machines to monitor parks and help enforce lockdown measures. Danish company UVD Robots and Shenzhen-based Youibot have developed robots that emit concentrated ultraviolet light that can destroy viruses and bacteria. And in Europe, Mercedes Formula One engineers have worked with University College London to build breathing aids to help in the treatment of COVID-19 patients.
WS5e83f0fea31012821728385e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e83f0fea31012821728385e.html	2020-04-01	Sweden to expand coronavirus testing as death toll rises to 180	  Rasmus Saveman, furloughed SAS steward, attends a three-day healthcare crash course at Sophiahemmet University in Stockholm, Sweden, March 31, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] STOCKHOLM - The number of COVID-19 fatalities continues to rise in Sweden, where the government introduced on Tuesday a ban on visits to elderly homes and vowed to expand testing. The Public Health Agency of Sweden has been tasked with devising a national strategy for expanding testing for COVID-19, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven announced at a Tuesday press conference. According to a statement published on the website of the Agency, it will coordinate the work with regional councils, municipalities and other actors to ensure testing can be carried out in a safe and high-quality manner across the country. "It is important that the groups that are prioritized today are also guaranteed testing going forward," said Karin Tegmark Wisell, a division head at the Agency, referring to healthcare sector personnel and others who are already first in line to be tested. However, the healthcare sector has raised alarms that the current level of testing is insufficient. Up till now, testing has in effect been limited to hospitalized patients and elderly care home residents, as well as to carers and healthcare personnel, but the capacity for testing has been too low, said Wisell. According to Minister for Health and Social Affairs Lena Hallengren, Sweden had up until Sunday tested 36,000 people and, she said at the press conference on Tuesday, the aim now is to carry out between 20,000 and 30,000 tests per week. Meanwhile, ski resort operator Skistar announced on Tuesday evening that it would close down its facilities for the rest of the winter season in an effort to limit traveling in the country over the upcoming Easter holiday. The announcement followed Lofven's press conference in which he urged Swedes to cancel their Easter travel plans and stay home. As of Tuesday afternoon, the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Sweden stood at 4,435 and 358 patients have been or are being treated in intensive care units. Of the 180 dead, 105 were men and 75 were women.
WS5e83e4caa310a2fabb7a357e	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202004/01/WS5e83e4caa310a2fabb7a357e.html	2020-04-01	Political turmoil a greater threat to HK than the coronavirus	Everything eventually ends. The novel coronavirus that is raging across the world will be no exception. But here in Hong Kong, there is every indication that protracted political turmoil will remain a lasting and greater threat to the stability and prosperity of the city, which is still reeling from an outbreak of violence and lawlessness that beset local residents for a good part of last year. Lingering protest violence and political extremism has left in its wake a devastated economy and a tattered social fabric. Hong Kong has entered its first recession in a decade. A growing number of businesses are on the verge of bankruptcy. More households are helplessly watching their breadwinners being made redundant. People are consciously or subconsciously aligning themselves with the anti-government "yellow" bloc or the pro-establishment "blue" camp. Gone are the days when the seven colors of the political rainbow coexisted peacefully. Hong Kong has also lost to Singapore the "freest economy" title it held for 25 years in a row. "The ongoing political and social turmoil has begun to erode (Hong Kong's) reputation as one of the best locations from which to do business, dampening investment inflows," warned the Heritage Foundation in its 2020 Index of Economic Freedom report. The onslaught of the coronavirus pandemic did result in a short-lived lull in violence. But while the government and medical workers are pulling out all the stops to contain the virus, the rioters are busy making bombs. For the past few weeks, the police have foiled a string of bomb plots and seized tons of explosives and chemicals. With global containment efforts beefed up and summer approaching, scientists believe the virus will start to abate and life will eventually return to normal in most parts of the world. However, there is ample evidence to suggest that Hong Kong will remain in the grip of post-pandemic political turmoil, while the double whammy of economic recession and social unrest will join forces to render normal life a luxury for local residents. Despite the city being still engrossed in the battle against the coronavirus, the rioters, their apologists and the power-hungry opposition already can't wait to step up the anti-government movement in the run-up to the September Legislative Council election. Encouraged by a landslide win in last year's District Council polls, they are ganging up once again in a desperate attempt to upset the pro-establishment majority in the legislature, by hook or by crook. Another factor that threatens to perpetuate the city's political mayhem is the US' blatant intervention in the affairs of Hong Kong. In a hegemonic move to secure its geopolitical interests, the US Congress passed the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act late last year, threatening to repeal the city's special trade status and to sanction officials and entities should Washington find "freedoms and autonomy" undermined in Hong Kong. But of course it's no secret in the international corridors of power that some of the Sinophobes in Washington care about rights and freedoms in Hong Kong only when the issue can be weaponized against China to serve the interests of US foreign policy. On that front, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is the captain leading a horde of China-bashers in Washington in waging a diplomatic war on Beijing. The former spymaster tends to view the world, China in particular, through the prism of ideology and conspiracy. He broke with his predecessors such as Hillary Clinton and Colin Powell, who conducted diplomacy mostly on a parallel approach of engagement and competition when dealing with China. All that is left on Pompeo's diplomacy playbook is confrontation and containment. As a leading purveyor of far-right conservative ideology and conspiracy theories, Pompeo has been flying around the world peddling the "China threat theory" and anti-communist rhetoric. Pompeo's hawkish approach toward Beijing of course has no dearth of followers among the independence-minded protesters in Hong Kong. Fantasies about toppling the 90-million-strong ruling Chinese Communist Party still go down well with the anti-government malcontents in the city, especially some of the doe-eyed youngsters on the front line of the protest movement. In this US-waged geopolitical war on China, Hong Kong's geographical proximity to the Chinese mainland is proving to be, more evident than ever, a double-edged sword. Whereas the city's lasting prosperity intrinsically hinges on its closeness to the mainland, it is inevitably caught in the crossfire of Sino-US diplomatic tensions. Until the likes of Pompeo and US flag-waving followers in Hong Kong come to respect diversified models of governance as much as they embrace biological diversity, the city will remain gripped by ideological bigotry and political violence. The bomb plots and sporadic violence on our streets in the past few weeks are just a taste of more to come. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.
WS5e832983a310128217283664	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/31/WS5e832983a310128217283664.html	2020-03-31	China shares experience, resources in global novel coronavirus battle	Medical staff work in the isolation ward at Wuhan No.1 Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 22, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China will share its experiences and lessons in battling the novel coronavirus with other countries "without reservations," and provide assistance within its capacity to those badly affected by the disease, Ma Xiaowei, minister of the National Health Commission, said at a news conference in Wuhan on Tuesday. As the domestic spread of the virus has been basically blocked but global infections have soared, China has sent expert teams to several countries, including Italy, Serbia, Cambodia, Pakistan, Venezuela and Laos, to offer epidemic-control guidance, according to Ma. Meanwhile, China has delivered essential medical supplies and protective equipment, such as test kits, antiviral drugs, traditional Chinese medicine, respirators and facial masks, to some foreign countries and regions. Chinese health authorities and experts also have kept in close communication with the World Health Organization and held over 40 virtual technical conferences with more than 100 countries and regions across the globe, he added. In addition, the country has donated 20 million dollars to the WHO to aid the organization's efforts to curb the pandemic and help improve the public health capabilities of other developing countries. "During earlier stages of the domestic outbreak, China received extensive support from the international community. Now we have passed the most strenuous stretch of the battle and have visceral feelings for those who are also stricken by the disease," he said. These medical assistance measures have shown that China is a united, resilient and responsible country that intends to bring benefits to the world. In the next step, China will deepen international cooperation on developing drugs and vaccines against the virus, and guide its foreign medical aid networks scattered in over 50 foreign countries to help local regions cope with the pandemic. China also will step up preparations for the upcoming meeting between G20 health ministers, he added.
WS5e82ddf9a310128217283525	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/31/WS5e82ddf9a310128217283525.html	2020-03-31	Coronavirus-hit cruise ship completes crossing Panama Canal	  The cruise ship MS Zaandam, where passengers have died on board, navigates through the pacific side of the Panama Canal, in Panama City, Panama, as the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak continues, March 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PANAMA CITY - A cruise ship hit by the novel coronavirus on Monday completed passing the Panama Canal, sailing towards the southeastern US state of Florida. The MS Zaandam, operated by Holland America Line, received special humanitarian authorization from the Panamanian government to pass the canal on Sunday, canal administrator Ricaurte Vasquez said at a press conference. Four passengers on the MS Zaandam died, two of whom died of COVID-19, he said. The MS Zaandam left Argentina on March 7 and could not dock again at a South American port due to the pandemic. On March 27, it dropped anchor in Panamanian waters on the Pacific side to wait for help from Holland America's another ship, the MS Rotterdam. The Panama Canal Authority (ACP) coordinated with cruise operators to transfer passengers with no virus symptoms from the MS Zaandam to the MS Rotterdam, and offered medical supplies. The two cruise ships are now heading towards Fort Lauderdale in Florida.
WS5e82a5aba3101282172833b7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/31/WS5e82a5aba3101282172833b7.html	2020-03-31	All Monday's coronavirus cases imported, commission says	A woman wearing a face mask looks at her phone amid rainfall at the Central Business District, as the country is hit by a novel coronavirus outbreak, in Beijing, China, Feb 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The Chinese mainland reported 48 confirmed and 44 suspected patients of COVID-19 on Monday, and all cases in both figures came from overseas according to data published by the National Health Commission on Tuesday. The mainland currently has 667 imported and 180 suspected cases of the disease. It also saw one death in Hubei province on Monday, and no fatalities reported in the current pool of 771 imported cases.  Monday saw the release of 282 recovered patients, and a drop by 105 cases of patients in severe condition.  As of Monday, the mainland has 2,161 confirmed cases, including 528 patients in severe conditions. It also has 181 suspected patients, along with 19,853 people with close contact with confirmed cases under medical observation.  The mainland has counted a total of 81,518 confirmed cases and 3,305 deaths, and 76,052 people have recovered and been released from the hospital.  As for the special administrative regions, Hong Kong reported 682 cases and four deaths and Macao reported 39 cases with no deaths. Taiwan province currently has 306 cases and five deaths.
WS5e829b4aa310128217283312	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/31/WS5e829b4aa310128217283312.html	2020-03-31	From sofas and kitchens, music stars hold coronavirus concert fundraiser	LOS ANGELES -- Billie Eilish sang on her sofa, Elton John played a keyboard belonging to his children, and the Backstreet Boys sang in harmony from five locations as dozens of musicians put on a fundraiser for the warriors against a coronavirus. Those who performed from their homes for the "IHeart Living Room Concert for America" also included Mariah Carey, Camila Cabello, Alicia Keys, Shawn Mendes and Sam Smith. The one-hour show, broadcast on Fox television without commercials, was the biggest joint effort in the pandemic to lift spirits, raise money for those in the frontlines, and remind Americans to wash their hands and keep their distance. "There's doctors, nurses and scientists on the frontlines. They're living proof that most superheroes don't wear capes," said John, who hosted the show from his kitchen. "We hope this bit of entertainment can feed and fuel your souls." All the performances and appearances by celebrities ranging from comedian Ellen DeGeneres to R&B artist Lizzo and country singer Tim McGraw were filmed on phones, home cameras or online platforms. The songs were interspersed with short personal stories from nurses, doctors, truckers, grocery staff, and other essential workers as millions of Americans entered a third week subjected to orders to stay home. Dr Elvis Francois, a surgeon from Rochester, Minnesota, stole hearts on social media with an emotional rendition of "Imagine" performed in medical scrubs. "Did this doctor just out sing every artist that's performed?" one viewer, Ender Wiggins, asked on Twitter. The concert, also broadcast on iHeart radio stations nationwide, urged listeners to donate to charities Feeding America, and First Responders Children's Foundation. The amount raised was not immediately known, but more than $1 million was donated in the first 10 minutes, courtesy of $500,000 from household goods giant Procter & Gamble and a matching sum from Fox Television. "My heart goes out to people who have lost loved ones and also those who are losing their jobs," said Lady Gaga, clad in pink sweatpants and a hoodie. Alicia Keys, singing "Rise Up," Dave Grohl performing "My Hero," and Billie Joe Armstrong's acoustic version of "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" spoke to the hardships of millions of those working or laid off as stores, restaurants, gyms and movie theaters have shut down. "After we come out of this horrible thing, I hope we are nicer to each other, and fairer to one another," John said. REUTERS
WS5e8299cba3101282172832f0	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/31/WS5e8299cba3101282172832f0.html	2020-03-31	Indoor and entertainment attractions in China to close again amid renewed coronavirus concerns	Shanghai's skyscrapers – Shanghai Tower, Shanghai Oriental Pearl Tower, and Jinmao Tower – will temporarily close again starting Monday after reopening for 19 days.[Photo/Xinhua] Many indoor scenic spots and entertainment venues in China have announced that they have temporarily closed again following the suspension of work at cinemas, amid the epidemic control and prevention. Shanghai's skyscrapers to re-close Shanghai's skyscrapers – Shanghai Tower, Shanghai Oriental Pearl Tower, and Jinmao Tower – will temporarily close again starting Monday after reopening for 19 days. Earlier, the Shanghai Oriental Pearl Tower, Shanghai History Museum were reopened on March 12. In addition, Shanghai Haichang Ocean Park, Madame Tussauds Shanghai, and other indoor sightseeing and entertainment attractions have also been suspended. The move is considered as part of the city's efforts to prevent and control the coronavirus epidemic and ensure visitor's safety and health, according to the tourist sites' announcement on Sunday afternoon. Many entertainment venues suspended Entertainment venues such as KTV and internet cafes have also been suspended in many places of China outside Shanghai, Chinanews reported. Sichuan province issued a new announcement Wednesday, saying the shopping malls would close the bars, dance halls, cinemas, video game centers, and other crowded entertainment areas. The Cultural Tourism, Radio and Television Bureau of Shenyang issued an emergency notice Sunday to temporarily suspend from business in cinemas, performance venues, including theaters, concert halls, performing arts venues, singing and dancing venues, internet service business venues, and other cultural venues where people gather. Other media confirmed that Chongqing also required performance and entertainment venues, internet services, and other cultural venues where people gather to suspend business temporarily. In Xi'an city, three ocean parks have also closed. Epidemic containment should not be relaxed Although remarkable progress has been made in the containment of the epidemic in China, people should not take it lightly, Chinanews reported. On Sunday, Mi Feng, spokesman for the National Health Commission, said at a press conference that the spread of the domestic epidemic had been basically controlled, but the possibility of a new round of spread caused by imported cases is still a problem. At a news conference on the Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council on Monday, Mi said there were still sporadic reports of cases on the Chinese mainland since March 18, when there were no new locally confirmed cases for the first time. He suggested that people should implement measures to prevent the rebound of the epidemic, do the useful job in community containment, and continue to consolidate the phased results.
WS5e82972ba3101282172832c2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/31/WS5e82972ba3101282172832c2.html	2020-03-31	Street families in Kenya cry for help as coronavirus restrictions tighten	Jason Laibon, a member of the homeless families in Nairobi, Kenya during the curfew imposed by the government. [Photo by Otiato Opali/chinadaily.com.cn] As confirmed coronavirus cases continue to rise in Kenya, with the country's health ministry confirming 48 cases so far, there is mounting concern for the well-being of street families and the underprivileged who can do little to protect themselves from the pandemic. Cyrus Oguna, Kenya's government spokesperson, said on Saturday street families and other citizens who have no homes will be expected to remain at their usual places during curfew hours. Oguna said the government will only be cracking down on those individuals caught loitering in public places during the restricted period. "During the 2019 population census, we collected data from all those individuals staying on the streets and we know the areas they stay, because our officers found them there during the counting. So we will expect them to stay in those areas and not loiter around the streets," Oguna said. Uhuru Kenyatta, Kenya's president, issued a nationwide curfew from 7 pm to 5 am starting March 27. Kenyatta's directive came as more countries across the world heeded the advice of the World Health Organization that the only way to slow down the spread of coronavirus is by imposing movement restrictions on their populations. Speaking in Nairobi during the imposed curfew, Jason Laibon, a member of the street families, appealed for help, saying their community has been neglected as the whole world takes measures to prevent the spread. "We respect the curfew but with the restriction of movement, we cannot make any money and we wish the government could offer us help. I have two children and a wife and if I stay at home, they will have nothing to eat," Laibon said. According to Laibon, he would have been taking measures to protect himself if the government was offering him help to feed his family. "I cannot stay at home yet. I need to pay rent and feed my family. We are asking the government to offer a stipend to use during this outbreak," Laibon said. "As homeless families, our work mostly involves picking people's garbage, and that puts us at a high risk of exposing ourselves to the virus. However, if we don’t go for work we have nothing to eat." So far, coronavirus infections in Kenya have taken the pattern of other countries, where numbers double in the second week, creating a fear they could soar in the coming weeks as most people lack the government incentive to stay at home. "As donors and people of goodwill help the government in fighting the spread of this virus," Laibon said, "we are requesting that they pay special attention to street families, because we are at the highest risk of contracting this virus."
WS5e81eb1fa3101282172831bc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e81eb1fa3101282172831bc.html	2020-03-30	Medical services for non-coronavirus patients resuming in Wuhan	Wuhan is resuming medical services to non-coronavirus-infected patients, senior officials said at a news conference on Monday in Central China's Hubei province. Li Tao, deputy secretary-general of Wuhan city government, said that the government is endeavoring to enhance medical supplies to non-coronavirus-infected patients and those suffering from severe illness and chronic diseases are the top priority of the work. He said 61 hospitals designated to receive patients not infected with coronavirus have resumed services since Sunday and another five hospitals will open to the public at the end of this month. "It's required that every district of the city should open at least one general hospital to the public," he said. "Some 205 community health centers and village clinics will help offer basic medical services to patients." Online medical services also are of importance to the treatment of non-coronavirus-infected patients, according to him.  "Patients reserve and see doctors online and have their medicines delivered to their homes," he said. "Medical information will be updated every day to let people know when and where they can get medical services." Li, however, said that the city will face greater challenges in medical services as public transportation has reopened to local residents since Wednesday and the city's lockdown will be relieved on April 8. "It's predicted that demands for medical services will surge then and we are making efforts to enhance medical supplies for hospitals," he said. According to Li, 37,225 medical workers are on duty in 66 hospitals till Sunday, with 25,900 hospital beds available to non-coronavirus patients.  "The number of medical workers will be 40,000 and hospital beds 60,000 by April 8," he said. "A total of 205 community health centers and 3,589 designated pharmacies will open to the public by then." The city's hospitals are in order to receive patients who are not infected with novel coronavirus pneumonia.  Wei Li, dean of Wuhan No 1 Hospital, said at the news conference that the hospital has so far opened 24 sections for outpatients and those needing surgery have priority to receive treatment. "Through Monday, we've received 5,424 patients, among whom 2,186 received services online," he said. "We've streamlined registration and payment procedures for patients. We have 123 machines ready for the 600-plus patients in need of kidney dialysis." He said the hospital has enhanced promotion and management to help prevent patients from infecting others with coronavirus at the hospital.  "We hope that patients can wear masks and wash their hands when coming to see the doctors," he said. "Online medical services also are a good choice that can help reduce the risks of getting infected with coronavirus."
WS5e81c426a31012821728317a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e81c426a31012821728317a.html	2020-03-30	Donations boost Africa's efforts to fight coronavirus	South African billionaire businessman Patrice Motsepe speaks at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Jan 23, 2015. [Photo/Agencies] With coronavirus spreading rapidly across Africa, where it has so far infected over 4,700 people and killed 146, the international community, charity organizations and private sector enterprises have been making donations to help the continent fight the deadly epidemic. On March 29, Patrice Motsepe, a South African businessman, announced that his group of companies will donate $57 million to help the country fight coronavirus. Motsepe said the money will be channeled through the government to build health, water and education facilities. On March 25, the Chinese embassy in Nigeria donated gift items to the country's Ministry of Health to help in the fight against the virus. Osagie Ehanire, the minister of health, appreciated the embassy for its kind gesture and said Nigeria was ready to emulate the strategy that China used to control the epidemic. This comes days after Jack Ma Foundation and Alibaba Foundation donated medical equipment, including over 1.5 million laboratory diagnostic test kits and over 100 tons of infection prevention and control goods to the Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Through the donation, each of the AU member states received 20,000 laboratory diagnostic test kits, 100,000 medical masks, and 1,000 protective suits and face shields, to support their fight against coronavirus. The Kenyan based Pwani Oil, an edible oil and soap maker, on March 26, provided 122 handwashing kits and 70 cartons of soap to be distributed to medical personnel in 11 of the country's 47 counties. Rajul Malde, the commercial director at Pwani Oil, said his company is committed to partnering with various stakeholders to prevent the spread of coronavirus in Kenya. "We recognize that our health workers are at the frontline of providing care to patients therefore they need all the support they can get during this critical period," he said. Previously, Pwani Oil also donated 150 handwashing kits to be used by the public in various major urban centers across the country. The UN Refugee Agency, is seeking $255 million for its urgent push to curb the risk and lessen the impact of coronavirus outbreaks in the vulnerable communities, as part of a wider UN Global Humanitarian Response Plan seeking $2.01 billion. The agency said 70 million children, women and men displaced by war and persecution are among those at greatest risk as coronavirus pandemic spreads rapidly across the globe. "Among them are some 25.9 million refugees, more than three quarters of whom live in developing countries in the Americas, Africa, the Middle East and Asia. With weak health systems, some of those countries are already facing humanitarian crises," the UN agency said. The African Development Bank has raised $3 billion in a three-year bond to help alleviate the economic and social impact the Covid-19 pandemic will have on livelihoods and Africa's economies. The Fight Covid-19 Social bond, has a three-year maturity, garnered interest from central banks and official institutions, bank treasuries, and asset managers including Socially Responsible Investors, with bids exceeding $4.6 billion. This is the largest Social Bond ever launched in international capital markets to date, and the largest US Dollar benchmark ever issued by the Bank. It will pay an interest rate of 0.75 percent. Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, president of the African Development Bank Group, said the Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. "This $3 billion Covid-19 bond issuance is the first part of our comprehensive response that will soon be announced. This is indeed the largest social bond transaction to date in capital markets. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries," he said. Dr. Adesina said the continent will require many billions of dollars to cushion the impact of the disease as many countries scrambled contingency measures, including commercial lockdowns in desperate efforts to contain it. He said globally, factories have been closed and workers sent home, disrupting supply chains, trade, travel, and driving many economies toward recession.
WS5e81b976a310128217283155	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e81b976a310128217283155.html	2020-03-30	Tokyo ceremony must include coronavirus reference - producer	A woman wearing a protective face mask, following an outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), is seen inside the closed Japan Olympics Museum, in Tokyo, Japan March 30, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ATHENS - The Tokyo 2020 Olympics must acknowledge the coronavirus crisis which forced their postponement and incorporate it into next year's opening ceremony, executive producer Marco Balich said. Balich, an Italian with great experience in producing Olympic opening and closing ceremonies, said the Japanese had almost completed preparations for this year. The virus, however, put a stop to the Games and Balich's international team are returning from Japan. "I think for sure the Olympic ceremony which is a window of all humanity will have to reflect somehow or reference somehow what has happened," Balich told Reuters in a phone interview from his home in Milan. Balich has been confined to his house for the past three weeks with the virus having killed more than 10,000 people in his country and Italy in national lockdown. More than 34,000 have died worldwide. "We already had prototypes and started rehearsals. We were in very good shape," Balich said, adding he was grateful the Games were postponed. "I think given this difficult decision, what our ceremonies team can now do is refresh and have a unique opportunity to rethink and use them to make them the biggest celebration with Olympic values." The International Olympic Committee decided last week to delay the Games, which had been scheduled to begin in July amid growing pressure from athletes and teams, to 2021. "To give a full year postponement... would be the right sort of time to cure our wounds and restart the work," Balich said. New dates for the Games are expected to be announced this week. Reuters
WS5e819ae6a3101282172830ac	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e819ae6a3101282172830ac.html	2020-03-30	Tencent to make its coronavirus-related mini-program open source	A traveler presents the code he received after making a health declaration on a WeChat mini-program at Gongbei checkpoint in Zhuhai, South China's Guangdong province. [Photo by Yu Bo/chinadaily.com.cn] Tencent Holdings Ltd has announced to make the module of a novel coronavirus-related mini-program open source to software developers worldwide, a move that serves to help more people access virus-related information using technologies. The international edition of the so-called Tencent Health COVID-19 module supports the display of statistics updates regarding the global pandemic in the forms of maps and chart bars, and includes various dimensions such as newly confirmed cases, total confirmed cases, number of cured and death toll. It can also aggregate latest reports from established media outlets globally so that internet users can gain better understanding of the latest development of the contagion. Tencent said the open source code has been published via GitHub, a world-leading software development platform on Friday. At home, the service has been accessed six billion times by Chinese users seeking timely updates and inquiries on the disease.
WS5e81640fa310128217282f8a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e81640fa310128217282f8a.html	2020-03-30	ZF confident in auto market despite coronavirus outbreak	ZF shows a Jaguar model with its autonomous driving solutions at the Shanghai auto show in 2019. [Photo by Li Fusheng/China Daily] German auto supplier ZF is confident in the potential of the automotive market despite the novel coronavirus epidemic that is affecting over 100 countries and regions in the world. Carmakers from Volkswagen to GM are temporarily closing their manufacturing facilities in Europe and North America due to the outbreak. In China, where the epidemic is basically curbed, carmakers are revving up production. "At present, we are witnessing markets collapsing overnight," said ZF CEO Wolf-Henning Scheider at the group's annual press conference. He said the current situation has made forecasting the company's 2020 business output impossible, but ZF remains confident and is preparing to ramp up production at plants in Europe and the US after carmakers resume production. In Asia, ZF has resumed production. In China, the continent's largest market, plants have seen their production returning to 90 percent of the normal level, he said. "We will continue to stand by our customers and suppliers as a reliable business partner and support them when they need us," Scheider said. China was ZF's third-largest market in 2019 after the United States and Germany, with sales revenue reaching 5.8 billion euros. Besides resuming plant production, ZF inked a deal in early March to build a new joint venture in China. Located in Northeast China's city of Shenyang, the joint venture will develop and produce electric motors and components for various vehicle applications. The joint venture will also supply components for the new ZF hybrid transmission, the company said. Volume production at the joint venture is expected to start in 2021. Last year, ZF's global sales revenue was 36.5 billion euros, which represented a 1.9 percent decrease from 2018. "The general economic climate and special challenges connected to the overall transformation of our industry had a tangible impact on our business last year," Scheider said. "Nevertheless, we won several high-volume orders, including for the next generation of our hybrid-enabled 8-speed automatic transmission and for electric drives for cars and buses." Despite the challenging environment, ZF increased its research and development expenditure to 2.7 billion euros, accounting for 7.3 percent of its sales revenue. The figure was 6.7 percent in 2018. "When we overcome the current crisis, we want to continue to invest in future technologies in a focused manner. This will enable us to further expand our competencies as a leading systems supplier," Scheider said. ZF said participation and partnerships play a decisive role in the company's research and development, particularly in autonomous driving. These include, for example, the acquisition of a 60-percent stake in a Dutch company called 2getthere, an established supplier of autonomous electric passenger transport systems, and the recently slated cooperation with Microsoft to improve development processes and ramp up ZF's software capabilities. "This is important for our customers who require flexible cooperation and short delivery times for software updates," Scheider said. "In addition, we will be able to develop software even if the hardware is not yet available. ZF will also offer software solutions as individual products in the automotive market."
WS5e81606fa310128217282f60	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e81606fa310128217282f60.html	2020-03-30	Tom Hanks returns to LA after bout of coronavirus	  FILE PHOTO: Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson arrives at the 26th Screen Actors Guild Awards in Los Angeles, US, January 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LOS ANGELES -- Tom Hanks and his wife Rita Wilson returned to Los Angeles on Friday after spending more than two weeks in quarantine in Australia after testing positive for the coronavirus. The Forrest Gump and Toy Story actor and Wilson were photographed smiling while driving a vehicle in the city. Celebrity website TMZ said the photographs were taken shortly after the pair landed at a small Los Angeles area airport. The New York Post's Page Six column said Hanks was seen touching the tarmac and dancing after getting off a private jet. Representatives for Hanks, 63, did not immediately return a request for comment. Hanks, a double Oscar winner and one of America's most beloved stars, and Wilson were the first big celebrities to announce they had tested positive for the disease, which has become a global epidemic with more than 27,000 deaths worldwide. They were treated in hospital in Australia and isolated themselves for a further period after leaving. Hanks' last posting on his Twitter account on Sunday said it had been two weeks since their first symptoms and that they were feeling better. Hanks was in Australia working on a movie about Elvis Presley when he announced on March 11 that he and Wilson had tested positive for the disease. Filming has since been shut down on the movie, and on hundreds of other film and television productions worldwide. REUTERS
WS5e815291a310128217282eac	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e815291a310128217282eac.html	2020-03-30	Imported cases remain vast majority in new coronavirus infections	A Chinese customs officer in protective suit inspects documents of passengers on a Lao Airlines flight from Vientiane following a global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, at Kunming Changshui International Airport in Kunming, Yunnan province, on March 27, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] A total of 31 new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus and 4 deaths were reported on Sunday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers to 81,470 and 3,304 respectively, statistics from the National Health Commission show on Monday.  All four new fatalities occurred in Hubei province, the commission said, adding there were another 17 new suspected cases reported Sunday, all from abroad. A total of 168 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus, and there are 2,396 confirmed cases across the country. For newly confirmed cases, 30 were imported from abroad and one was a local infection in northwestern province Gansu. As of Sunday, China has found 723 imported confirmed cases. Ninety-three of them have been cured and discharged from hospital, and 19 are in severe condition. There are also 165 suspected cases imported from abroad across the country.  On Sunday, 322 people were discharged from hospitals after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 109 to 633. A total of 75,770 people had been discharged from hospitals after recovery as of Sunday at midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 704,190 people with close contact with confirmed patients. Among them, 1,575 were discharged from medical observation Sunday, with 19,235 others still under observation. By the end of Sunday, 641 confirmed cases including 4 deaths had been reported in Hong Kong, 38 confirmed cases in Macao and 298 in Taiwan including three deaths. And 118 patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 39 in Taiwan have been discharged from hospitals after recovery. Hubei, the hardest-hit province on the Chinese mainland, reported zero new confirmed cases and suspected cases on Sunday. The province also has zero suspected cases at present.   As of Sunday, a total of 67,801 confirmed cases and 3,186 deaths have been reported in Hubei. It still has 1,733 confirmed cases, including 601 in severe condition. The province also saw 317 patients discharged from hospital after recovery on Sunday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 62,882.
WS5e8144a3a310128217282dc2	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e8144a3a310128217282dc2.html	2020-03-30	Greece's coronavirus death toll rises to 38 out of total of 1,156 cases	  A man wearing a protective face mask walks past the parliament building, after the Greek government imposed a nationwide lockdown to contain the spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Athens, Greece, March 23, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ATHENS - Greece reported a total of 38 fatalities linked to complications due to the novel coronavirus out of a total of 1,156 confirmed infections, health authorities said at a regular press briefing on Sunday. Six people lost their lives and 95 new cases were registered since Saturday, Greek Health Ministry's spokesman and infectious diseases professor Sotirios Tsiodras said. Currently, 69 patients were in serious condition in intensive care units, he added. "We continue the battle with determination," said Nikos Hardalias, Deputy Minister for Civil Protection and Crisis Management at the Ministry of Citizen Protection. Greece has been in a two-week nationwide lockdown since Monday in the framework of efforts to contain the virus's spread. Earlier in March, authorities had also imposed the closure of schools, universities, restaurants, coffee shops, shopping malls, retail shops, sports, and cultural centers, as well as public parks. Travels by air, sea, train, and road with many countries and domestically have also been banned or restricted. Stores and places of worship will not open as initially scheduled on April 6, but will remain shut until April 11, Hardalias announced. People should not be making plans for a traditional Easter exodus to the countryside this year, he added, echoing remarks made by cabinet ministers on local media this weekend implying that an extension of the overall lockdown was also on the table. The Greek Orthodox Easter falls on April 19.
WS5e80d34ba310128217282cfb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/30/WS5e80d34ba310128217282cfb.html	2020-03-30	Gansu province reports two novel coronavirus cases	A bus carrying repatriated passengers arrives at a hospital in Lanzhou New Area, Lanzhou, Northwest China's Gansu province, March 4, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Gansu province reported an imported case of novel coronavirus and a domestically transmitted case on Sunday, according to its health commission. The imported patient entered the Chinese mainland via a port in Shanghai after arriving from the United Kingdom, and then traveled to Lanzhou, capital city of Gansu, said the commission. The locally confirmed case left Lanzhou for Xianning in Hubei province on Jan 14 and returned by car on Monday with a health code－a digital certificate issued by health authorities. This person was sent directly to a designated facility for a two-week isolation period. After a medical examination, he was diagnosed with the novel coronavirus on Sunday. As of Sunday, a total of 46 imported cases were confirmed in Gansu and 36 patients have recovered from the illness.
WS5e805deda310128217282c86	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/29/WS5e805deda310128217282c86.html	2020-03-29	UK's Johnson warns on coronavirus: Things to get worse before they get better	  Britain's Prime Minister Boris Johnson appears on a monitor for the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) meeting in London, Britain March 28, 2020. The prime minister chairs the morning update meeting on the coronavirus remotely from Number 11 Downing Street, since self-isolating after testing positive for the virus. Andrew Parsons/10 Downing Street/Handout via REUTERS LONDON - Prime Minister Boris Johnson is warning Britons in a letter to 30 million households that things will get worse before they get better, as he himself self-isolates in Downing Street to recover from the coronavirus. Britain has reported 17,089 confirmed cases of the disease and 1,019 deaths and the peak of the epidemic in the country is expected to come in a few weeks. In the letter to be delivered to homes, Johnson urges people to stick with the lockdown measures that his government has imposed to try to prevent the state National Health Service from being overwhelmed by a surge of cases. "We know things will get worse before they get better," Johnson writes. "At this moment of national emergency, I urge you, please, to stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives." Senior minister Michael Gove said on Sunday the government is "very concerned" about the death toll. He also said the country has boosted the amount of testing for the virus. "The number of tests being carried out has hit 10,000 a day. We want to increase that to 25,000 a day." Reuters
WS5e801a0aa310128217282c4f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/29/WS5e801a0aa310128217282c4f.html	2020-03-29	New York Knicks owner Jim Dolan tests positive for coronavirus	New York Knicks fan Michael Layton of Kennesaw, Ga. wears a black mask and rubber gloves before a Knicks game against the Atlanta Hawks at State Farm Arena, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, March 11, 2020. The owner of NBA team New York Knicks, Jim Dolan, has tested positive for coronavirus, the Knicks said in a twitter post. Dolan has been in self-isolation and is experiencing little to no symptoms and he continues to oversee business operations, Knicks added. Reuters
WS5e7ff6cfa310128217282c12	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/29/WS5e7ff6cfa310128217282c12.html	2020-03-29	Imported coronavirus cases continue to rise	Passengers wearing face masks to prevent the spread of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) are seen on a Shanghai Airlines aircraft at Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport in Shanghai, China March 25, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] China continues to contend with an influx of imported cases of novel coronavirus as the pandemic rages beyond the county's borders, statistics from the National Health Commission shows. A total of 45 new confirmed cases of coronavirus infection and five deaths were reported Saturday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 81,439 and 3,300, respectively, the commission said on Sunday morning. With only one locally transmitted case in Central China's Henan province, the rest of the infections were all imported cases detected from 15 provincial-level regions, the commission said. South China's Guangdong province accounted for eight of the new imported cases, and Tianjin and Shanghai reported seven, along with four in Beijing, three in Liaoning, Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces and two in Sichuan province, it said. The provinces of Shanxi, Jilin, Fujian, Jiangxi and Guizhou each reported one imported infection on Saturday, as well as Chongqing municipality and Inner Mongolia autonomous region. By the end of Saturday, a total of 693 imported cases of novel coronavirus infection had been reported, With another 28 new suspected cases reported Saturday, a total of 174 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus, it added. Also on Saturday, 477 people were discharged from the hospital after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 179 to 742. A total of 75,448 people had been discharged from the hospital after recovery as of Saturday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 701,884 people with close contact with patients, adding that among them, 1,097 were discharged from medical observation Saturday, with 18,581 others still under medical observation. By the end of Saturday, 582 confirmed cases, including four deaths, had been reported in Hong Kong, 37 confirmed cases in Macao, and 283 in Taiwan, including two deaths. And 112 patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 30 in Taiwan have been discharged from hospitals after recovery. Central China's Hubei province, the hard-hit region on the Chinese mainland, reported zero cases but saw five new fatalities in its capital, Wuhan, on Saturday. The latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the province to 67,801 and total deaths to 3,182. The province also saw 467 patients discharged from the hospital after recovery on Saturday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 62,565, it said, adding that Hubei had zero suspected cases as of Saturday midnight.
WS5e7f2d2ca310128217282b90	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/28/WS5e7f2d2ca310128217282b90.html	2020-03-28	Spain sees record high single-day deaths from coronavirus	Health workers from Clinic hospital applaud citizens who show them gratitude from their balconies and windows, during the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak, in Barcelona, Spain, March 26, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MADRID - Spain registered another record number of deaths from the coronavirus in the past 24 hours between midday on Friday and midday on Saturday, the Spanish Ministry for Health, Consumer Affairs and Social Welfare confirmed. The daily figures published by the Health Ministry show that 832 people succumbed to COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus. Saturday's number of deaths followed the previous record of 769 deaths reported on Friday, bringing the country's total number of fatalities to 5,690. Meanwhile, the number of people confirmed to be infected by the coronavirus has increased from Friday's 64,059 to 72,248 on Saturday, a rise of 8,189 over the last 24 hours. Of the 72,248 registered cases, 40,630 have required hospital treatment with 4,575 needing intensive care. So far, 12,285 COVID-19 patients have recovered, up by 31.3 percent on Friday's 9,357, according to the Health Ministry. Madrid continues to be the worst affected part of Spain with 21,520 cases and 2,757 deaths (making up over 48 percent of all the deaths in Spain.) The Health Ministry also confirmed that the first shipment of 1.2 million face masks purchased by the Spanish government arrived at Madrid's Barajas Airport in the early hours of Saturday morning. The ministry explained that the masks will be distributed among health workers, the security forces and workers in the transport sector. The Spanish air force also confirmed on Saturday that an A400 airbus took off from Zaragoza to Shanghai to bring back another shipment of sanitary material in a round trip which will last 33 hours.
WS5e7d28e7a310128217282542	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/28/WS5e7d28e7a310128217282542.html	2020-03-28	US tops world in novel coronavirus cases	Workers at Brooklyn Navy Yard manufacture face shields on Thursday to help in the COVID-19 struggle in New York City. ANGELA WEISS/AFP The United States now has the highest number of confirmed COVID-19 cases worldwide at over 85,000, and its hospitals are rushing to make space for the surge of patients. The US reported a total of 85,996 novel coronavirus cases as of Friday, with the nationwide tally rising by around 10,000 cases per day since March 21, according to Johns Hopkins University. Among all 50 states and Washington, D.C., New York state has become the epicenter of the country's outbreak, recording nearly 40,000 cases so far. Over 23,000 cases have been recorded in New York City, the nation's largest city, with 8.6 million residents. At a news conference, Deborah Birx-the White House's coronavirus response coordinator-warned of new hot spots developing in the Detroit, Michigan and Chicago, Illinois areas. The contagion continues to take its toll around the world. The World Health Organization on Thursday warned that "millions could die" without aggressive action. "Almost half a million people have already been infected, and more than 20,000 have lost their lives. The pandemic is accelerating at an exponential rate," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus cautioned at the G20 Extraordinary Leaders' Summit on COVID-19 conducted via a teleconference on Thursday. G20 leaders pledged to present a "united front" against the common threat posed by COVID-19 and vowed to inject over $5 trillion to boost the global economy on Thursday. "We fully support and commit to further strengthen the WHO's mandate in coordinating the international fight against the pandemic," they said in the joint statement. Back in the US, hospitals are becoming stretched to capacity with coronavirus patients, deaths and a lack of protective equipment for staff, according to doctors and nurses on the front lines. "An outbreak, a pandemic like this could overwhelm any system in the world," Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and an adviser to US President Donald Trump's White House Coronavirus Task Force. There are fewer than 100,000 intensive care unit beds in the US, according to the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, forcing hospitals to provide more. In Louisiana, the government is trying to secure hotels for makeshift hospitals. It also has converted three state parks into isolation sites for patients who can't go home. Harborview Medical Center in Seattle, Washington, has turned a homeless shelter into a recovery center with 45 beds. Washington is one of the states due to get mobile military hospitals. And two US Navy hospital ships are set to dock in Los Angeles and New York. FILE PHOTO: Judie Shape, who has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19), talks to her daughter Lori Spencer through her window at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, the Seattle-area nursing home at the epicenter of one of the biggest coronavirus outbreaks in the United States, in Kirkland, Washington, US, March 16, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] In New York state, Elmhurst Hospital-a public facility with 545 beds in the New York City borough of Queens-has become overwhelmed. Thirteen people died at the hospital in a recent 24-hour period, a spokesman for the city's public hospital system said. Colleen Smith, an ER doctor at Elmhurst, said that they have been relying on ventilators-mechanical breathing machines-donated from other hospitals and other less-effective breathing devices. Patients have died in the hospital's ER while awaiting beds. A large refrigerated truck has been stationed outside to store corpses as the hospital's morgue reaches capacity. Trump told the nation's governors Thursday that the federal government plans to provide a coronavirus risk assessment for individual counties to decide whether to maintain, increase or relax current social distancing guidelines. Trump said in a letter to the governors that the administration's growing testing capabilities would enable it to publish, in consultation with public health officials and scientists, criteria for classifying counties by risk-high, medium or low-in the hopes that some parts of the country may be able to return to work sooner than others. "Trump needs to resist the urge to listen to economists until we have defeated the virus," Republican donor Dan Eberhart told The Washington Post. Chen Yingqun in Beijing and Xinhua contributed to this story.
WS5e7dfbb5a310128217282986	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7dfbb5a310128217282986.html	2020-03-27	UK health secretary tests positive for novel coronavirus	  United Kingdom Health Secretary Matt Hancock has tested positive for novel coronavirus, shortly after Prime Minister Boris Johnson confirmed he too was tested positive. Hancock said he is experiencing mild symptoms and plans to self-isolate at home until next week. "I've been working from home the last couple of days because everyone who can work from home should work from home," Hancock said in a video on Twitter. "I have also had some mild symptoms of coronavirus and upon medical advice I have been tested and that test has been positive, so I will be self isolating here until next Thursday. Fortunately for me the symptoms have been very mild, so I have been able to carry on with the work of driving forward the UK response." BBC Newsnight Policy Editor Lewis Goodall noted on Twitter that Hancock's infection means "the two most important political figures in dealing with the government's response now have the disease". Britain's Secretary of State of Health Matt Hancock is seen outside Downing Street, as the spread of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) continues. London, Britain, March 25, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Hancock made the announcement a short while after Johnson informed the public that he has tested positive for novel coronavirus and is in self-isolation at home. The health secretary said he will be "continuing to do everything I can to get our carers the support they need". "And I will be doing that from here, but with no less gusto," he said. "And from next Thursday, once I'm out of self-isolation, and I hope with no more symptoms, I will be able to get back stuck into the office where necessary."
WS5e7dbeb4a310128217282913	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7dbeb4a310128217282913.html	2020-03-27	What you need to know about novel coronavirus	None
WS5e7de1c3a31012821728295b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7de1c3a31012821728295b.html	2020-03-27	UK PM Johnson tests positive for novel coronavirus	  Prime Minister Boris Johnson speaks during a news conference on the ongoing situation with the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in London, Britain March 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] United Kingdom Prime Minister Boris Johnson has tested positive for novel coronavirus and is self-isolating, he confirmed on Friday. Johnson said he began to develop symptoms during the past 24 hours, including a cough and a temperature. He will now work from home at Downing Street, and conduct meetings with his team over video conference. "I have developed mild symptoms of the coronavirus, that's to say a temperature and a persistent cough, and, on the advice of the chief medical officer, I have taken a test," Johnson said in a video message released on Twitter. "That has come out positive, so I am working from home, I'm self-isolating, and that's entirely the right thing to do. I will continue to lead the government's response via video-conference as we fight this virus. Together we will beat this." Johnson reassured the British people that he will be able to fulfil his role while staying at home. "Be in no doubt that I can continue, thanks to the wizardry of modern technology, to communicate with all my top team to lead the national fightback against coronavirus," he said. "And I want to thank everybody who is involved, above all our amazing National Health Service staff." Johnson thanked those in the public services, including social care workers, teachers, and 600,000 volunteers who have signed up to help national efforts to support the country during the lockdown. "We will get through it," he said. "And the way we will get through it is by applying the measures that you have heard so much about. And the more effectively we all comply with those measures, the faster our country will come through this epidemic and the faster we will bounce back."
WS5e7da8a2a3101282172828a2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7da8a2a3101282172828a2.html	2020-03-27	Chinese mainland slams DPP attempt to distract attention, shirk responsibilities in coronavirus response	Zhu Fenglian, a spokesperson for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office, at a press conference. [Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING -- The attempt of the Democratic Progressive Party authorities to distract attention and shirk their own responsibilities in Taiwan's coronavirus epidemic response does no good to the island's epidemic prevention and control, a mainland spokesperson said Thursday. Zhu Fenglian, spokesperson for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office, made the remarks in an interview Thursday. "Some politicians of the DPP authorities have been attacking the mainland with rumors and smears in an attempt to shirk their responsibilities, which is an extremely immoral and disgraceful act," Zhu said. The spokesperson gave a series of facts and figures on how the mainland has been sharing information on the epidemic as well as its experience and methods of treating novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) patients in a timely manner with Taiwan. At the same time, she also elaborated on the mainland's openness, transparency and responsibleness in terms of epidemic information disclosure, the sharing of COVID-19 patients treatment experience and methods and assisting the anti-virus battle in foreign countries, which has been well recognized by the World Health Organization and international community. Dismissing statement given Tuesday by the island's authority in charge of mainland affairs as "a grave violation of facts," Zhu said that "rumors, slanders and political manipulation will only create hatred and ultimately undermine the interests of Taiwan compatriots."
WS5e7da679a310128217282890	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7da679a310128217282890.html	2020-03-27	China cuts inbound, outgoing international flights to curtail imported coronavirus cases	Passengers wear face masks upon their arrival at Beijing Capital Airport, in Beijing on March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] China's civil aviation regulator will reduce the number of international flights in and out of the country in a bid to curb contagion via air travel and contain the rising number of imported cases of the novel coronavirus. From March 29, domestic airlines are required to reduce their international routes to only one per country and cap the number of flights to no more than one flight per week, while foreign carriers allowed to maintain only one air route to China and operate no more than one flight a week, according to a notice issued by the Civil Aviation Administration on Thursday night. "The number of imported cases has maintained double-digit growth in recent days, posing great challenge to the domestic epidemic prevention and control achievements and resumption of work and production, as well as public health safety," the administration said later in another statement. "But we will maintain the minimum number of flights per route to ensure the continuous operation of international flights," the administration said. With the measure taken, the number of weekly flights will drop to around 130, it said. As airlines are required to limit the passenger capacity on international flights at 75 percent to curb the infection risks, the number of inbound air travelers is estimated to drop from the current 25,000 to 5,000 each day, it said. The administration also noted that that it might put in place even further reductions to inbound and outbound international flights in line with the country prevention and control needs. Though suspending all inbound charter fights since Tuesday, it will arrange temporary flights or chartered flights to bring back overseas Chinese in cities with mass demands and capability to receive flights, it said. As the pandemic has been raging beyond the country's borders, and the country is facing a new infection threat from overseas arrivals, it's the second time that the civil aviation authority cut down the international flights. International flights to Beijing have also been diverted to a dozen cities and provinces including Shanghai, Tianjin and Shandong province, where all passengers must be tested for the virus upon disembarkation, before those cleared of the pathogen allowed to re-board the aircraft to the capital. As of Wednesday, a total of 40 flights bound for Beijing have been diverted to the designated airports, with nearly 70 percent of the 11,284 passengers failing to pass the health and quarantine inspection and staying in the entry cities for a 14-day isolation, the administration said. "Based on the current operation of diverting international flights due to arrive in Beijing to other airports as their first port of entry, only less than 30 percent of the passengers meet the entry conditions into Beijing," it said. "As long-distance travel does have certain risks, traveler should make prudent, thorough and calm decisions."
WS5e7da228a310128217282863	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7da228a310128217282863.html	2020-03-27	Around 2,000 charged over coronavirus-related offenses	A total of 1,919 people have been taken to court by prosecutors for alleged offenses related to the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak as of Thursday, according to China's top procuratorate. Some of the accused are charged with disturbing prevention of infectious diseases or producing or selling fake epidemic-related goods, while some face criminal charges for falsifying information about the outbreak or illegal consumption of wild animals, said a statement issued by the Supreme People's Procuratorate on its website late Thursday. It said such timely prosecution was to implement the central leadership's requirement on preventing the COVID-19 as well as to play the procuratorial role in punishing offenders who took advantage of the outbreak to disturb medical care, market, epidemic control and social order. Last week, considering the rising risk of imported cases of the virus, Zhang Jun, prosecutor-general of the SPP, has ordered all prosecutors not to relax their epidemic control work, attach more importance to offenses related to the imported infections and initiate prosecutions in a timely manner.
WS5e7d9da1a31012821728284f	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d9da1a31012821728284f.html	2020-03-27	Trump administration to classify regions by risk levels in new coronavirus guideline	  US President Donald Trump addresses the coronavirus task force daily briefing at the White House in Washington, March 26, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - US President Donald Trump told governors Thursday in a letter that his administration will classify regions by levels of risk for the novel coronavirus in the next phase of response to the pandemic. In the letter, Trump said expanded testing capabilities in the country would enable the federal government to label "high-risk, medium-risk and low-risk" counties with differentiated social distancing requirements. "Our expanded testing capabilities will quickly enable us to publish criteria, developed in close coordination with the Nation's public health officials and scientists, to help classify counties with respect to continued risks posed by the virus," the president wrote. The new guideline, of which the date of adoption is not yet known, would help governors and other state policymakers decide on "maintaining, increasing or relaxing social distancing and other mitigation measures they have put in place," according to Trump. Deborah Birx, White House COVID-19 response coordinator, said at a press briefing later in the day that what is vital for the classification system is that people from a high-risk region should be prevented from traveling to a low-risk region. "Part of this will be the need to have highly responsible behavior between counties," she said. "And I think the American people can understand where the virus is, and where it isn't, and make sure that they're taking appropriate precautions." The new guidance came as the Unites States has the most confirmed cases in the world, reaching 85,840 as of 11:47 p.m. ET on Thursday (0347 GMT Friday), according to the latest data from Johns Hopkins University. Deaths caused by the disease rose to 1,296 in the country.
WS5e7d9cd7a31012821728284d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d9cd7a31012821728284d.html	2020-03-27	A time for Shambhala: Coronavirus, capital collapse, and re-coding the planet paradigm	The author on set in the Himalayas filming "Searching for the Lotus Born Master" [Photo provided t chinadaily.com.cn] Shangri-la as Immunization Against Global Debt Finance Let me tell you a story about searching for a place called "Shangri-la." You may not believe in it. Especially at a time like this when the world is in chaos. Maybe you don’t think it exists. But if determined, you can certainly try and look for it. Maybe you will be surprised at what you find. It is at times like this that people search for Shangri-la. In 2002, I decided to end my career working as a lawyer for Fortune 500 companies for ethical reasons. Their disregard for the environment and damage to communities and cultures were my main concerns. As a lawyer I was an insider, and could see how management manipulated stock prices for their own benefit, not the shareholders they were supposed to represent. As a lawyer I could not facilitate these interests anymore. So I decided to search for Shangri-la. "Shangri-la" was first coined by James Hilton in his novel "Lost Horizons," published in 1933. The novel became enormously popular and even one of Hollywood’s first blockbusters in 1937. Why was it so popular? It was the Great Depression when people lost all hope in capital markets, materialism and the ability of Western governments to cope with crisis. So they turned to Asian mysticism and visions of a harmonious society with a common shared destiny as presented in the concept of Shangri-la. According to UShistory.org: "So what happened during the Great Depression. The richest 1 percent of Americans owned over a third of all American assets. The wealthy tended to save money that might have been put back into the economy if it were spread among the middle and lower classes. Middle class Americans had already stretched their debt capacities by purchasing automobiles and household appliances on installment plans." The "roaring '90s" was the "roaring '20s" all over again. It was a time that would become known as the dot.com phase in the era of so-called globalization. Bill Clinton was president of the United States of America. Under his administration an important piece of legislation called the Glass-Steagall Act was repealed. This legislation had been in place since the Great Depression and was key in protecting common people. It required certain capital ratios in banks, and prevented banks from speculating in the stock market with depositor money. With Glass-Steagall gone, banks and investment banks joined hands and invested in anything they could flip in the market. Stock prices soared and old-fashioned economics went out the door. Profit and loss did not matter. A concept of "shareholder’s value" kicked in meaning that the management could just burn the money and shareholders would hope they were making the right decisions on potential market share that could be realized, or maybe not. Our spirit of competition was now taken over by monopoly companies. Media created CEO celebrities. Having been lawyer to a number of them, I realized their sole interest was to push stock prices up, bail out before retirement, and invest in fancy luxury cars and gold plated toilet seats for their big estate homes. Funny how things repeat, and repeat, and yes, keep repeating. Following the Great Depression and World War II, Milton Friedman’s unfettered market capitalism became the language of both Wall Street and Capital Hill. Fast forward, Milton Friedman’s "the market knows best" and "greed is good" unrestrained capital stuff culminated in the sub-prime crisis and collapse of capital markets in 2008. The solution? Print more money against debt purchased backed by the Federal Reserve. That meant that rather than correcting the global financial and corporate system, more debt money flooded into it. The solution? It should have been a restructuring of our entire financial system and the values and assumptions that underlie it. But it wasn’t. The solution was to print more money against debt purchased back by the Federal Reserve. More debt money flooded into the market and into the technically bankrupt banks and investment banks that then invested in more speculative stocks. Sound familiar? Guess what the banks did? Pour money into more so-called tech stocks and the market surged all over again. This policy of George Bush Jr. ran on a beeline right through the years of Barak Obama’s presidential administration. While Donald Trump criticized the QE and growing debt conundrum in his election campaign, when assuming the throne of president, he used the exact same methods just changing the name from QE to repo. He then multiplied the debt to astronomical levels. One could say repo is QE on steroids. Whatever debt Obama issued in a month, Trump issued it each day. So everything repeated just as before – only this time bigger and better --waiting for the next trigger event that would bring the whole house of cards down. Fast forward to 2019. Any event – a terrorist attack, a natural disaster – could have brought the house of cards down. It was coronavirus. Global Shock – We Need a Pyramid with Foundations, Not a Bubble America’s national debt counts 105 percent of GDP. America’s corporate debt counts 75 percent of GDP. American household debt is $14.15 trillion, or 65 percent of GDP. This is the highest in American history, in fact the history of the world. Remember what happened to Mars? America’s economic growth comes from two drivers: industrial labor and credit expansion. Today the economic growth is mainly dependent upon credit growth and not actual productivity. Credit growth cannot salvage the real economy if there is none. Excess credit will not invest in productivity but rather will speculate on stocks and debt instruments. Since 2014 the American stock market has gone up while commodities have gone down which is a phenomena that tells us that investment in real production has gone south while investment in fuzz has gone up. Look at Facebook, Twitter, and other social media platforms. America’s debt has reached the peak. When people cannot pay their interest rates, much less principal, then the debt bomb crisis is coming. It is about to be nuclear. America’s GDP is only about 2.3 percent. Its unemployment rate may hit 9 percent in the coming months. Eight people in the world have enough wealth to feed 370 million people. In today’s world one percent of the rich people’s assets combined is more than 99 percent of people’s global assets aggregated. Those eight people could end poverty, eliminate all student debt, transfer major energy grids from fossil fuels to green energy, socialize medicine for all. But will they do that? Unfortunately, they won’t. They want more profits from share price manipulation on capital markets. As the American capital markets crashed, on March 18 a series of unthinkable moves took place. The Federal Reserve shot off all of its ammunition in one go throwing a trillion dollars of debt money in the market. It uplifted the market momentarily and then it sunk again. They repeated. Same result. The next day, they ran out of tools. So what did they do? Shut the market down. Open and shut, whenever it drops too much. Wow! The US media and politicians criticized China when they did this in a market crash but when they do it nobody says anything! What else did the Fed do when it ran out of its classic interest rate drop and debt buy-back tools? They claim to have lots of free-wheeling market tools to play with. So what did they do? So they began to buy corporate bonds. What does that mean? That’s not a market tool. Technically it’s a form of nationalization. Europe follows suit. As shares crashed and talking heads tried to keep and upbeat banter further some telling responses revealed. Facebook announced immediately that it would give $1,000 bonuses to all employees. Wynn casinos announced that it would maintain existing payrolls plus tips to all employees to stay home during coronavirus. In short, the extreme rich are scared because they know what is coming. During the French Revolution, Queen Marie Antoinette told the starving French mob to "eat cake." They cut her head off instead. In short, that’s what is coming. Mobs have already ransacked supermarkets and stores in big cities. Police departments of several major cities have announced that they will not pursue minor crimes like store robbery and car hijacking. In short, they have to let some of the steam out of the vent otherwise the whole thing will explode. Searching for a New Economic Paradigm – Shambhala Now back to the story of Shangri-la. Many colleagues and friends wondered why I decided to leave the fast investment lawyer life, and re-incarnate in a single lifetime as a Himalayan explorer and film director. Actually it was a very easy decision. I will explain why. From 2002 onwards I led a series of documentary film expeditions across the Himalayan region, searching for the lost, mythical kingdom of Shangri-la. Some thought the idea terribly romantic, others just outright crazy. The "Searching for Shangri-la" documentary film series was an outcome of those expedition years. There were three films: "Searching for Shangri-la," "Conversations with Sacred Mountains," and "Shambhala Sutra." In 2016, the Searching for Shangri-la expeditions received the National Geographic Air and Water Conservation Award for raising climate change awareness. During these years our expedition film team crossed some of the most remote regions of the Qinghai-Tibetan plateau asking one single question: where is Shangri-la? Actually, we never found it. These documentary film expeditions brought into sharp focus startling concerns. Glacial melt from climate disruption would result in water shortages and natural catastrophe. When filming in the ancient lost civilization of Guge rising from the deserts of western China, I realized that civilizations do not rise and fall on stock prices. Rather they rise and fall on people’s access to water. During those years I saw the Brahmaputra River, once powerful and overwhelming, become a mere creek with sand dunes on both sides in some areas of the plateau. It became clear that we can give our children money, education, a car and all that. But none of us can guarantee our children water to drink in the future. Throughout these expeditions I was deeply inspired by people along the journey, each in their individual way trying to preserve their own local culture and environment. The intention of each was in the right place. The question in my mind was how to scale this? It was clear, social stability comes from community empowerment. That requires healthy, pragmatics economics and respect for local culture and identity. The globalization model of multinational corporate monopoly – chain store domination of process and commodities -- would certainly flatten communities as advocated by those western economists calling for a "flat" world. But that would not guarantee a healthy or safe world. The world is not flat. It is round complex, and diverse. We have to respect that diversity and maintain its richness through local economics that brings communities back together. That requires a combination of pragmatic economics and local cultural respect. There may not be any one single approach either. Different solutions work for different peoples, communities and nations. So the cookie cutter one-model-fits-all promoted by western economists in the era of the 1990s-2000s does not necessarily work across countries and cultures. Inspired by the local efforts of people across the Himalayan plateau to protect diverse cultures and climate of so many ethnic groups, I ended up spending the next decade establishing one of Asia’s earliest social enterprises, opening medical clinics, funding eye operations to cure blindness which is a common problem at high altitudes, and eventually serving as senior advisor to China’s Ministry of Environmental Protection in coordinating the drafting the Ecological Civilization policy that would set China on a trajectory toward 80 percent green energy by 2050. It was clear then that the economic systems that we have taken for granted will have to change for our planet to survive amidst growing populations, energy, food consumption and healthcare needs. I put my lawyer hat back on, this time as an environmental activist, working with UN organizations on climate issues. The Himalayan Consensus process and Silk-Spice Road Dialogues in partnership with UNDP emerged from these years and experiences. The Himalayan Consensus called for the following key principles: 1) protect local culture and identity; 2) through sustainable business models that are practical; 3) prioritize protection of the environment with green energy and water conservancy technologies being drivers for the future; 4) conflict is caused when people are disempowered or their identity is marginalized. The Silk-Spice Road Dialogues seeks to: 1) prevent conflict through solutions for economic empowerment of communities and protection of their environment using green finance for environmental technologies; 2) preventing of crisis through enhancing regional cooperation rather than differences on such issues as the one facing us all – pandemics. The Legend of Shambhala - It is Not a Legend, It is Happening. Back to the Searching for Shangri-la film expeditions and several take-away points: "Shangri-la" is a misspelling of the word "Shambhala". While first appearing in ancient Hindu literature, it had evolved over thousands of years to become a core concept of Vajrayana Buddhism. The concept of Shambhala became absorbed into many Himalayan cultures and ethnic groups. It is well understood from Pakistan, India, Nepal, Bhutan and of course across the Tibetan regions of western China. The narrative goes like this: The first Kalki King of Shambhala named Suchandra learned the Kalachakara practice (in quantum physics the theory of a unified quantum field) that pierces time and space (Einstein figured this out about 2,400 years later) and brought it back to Shambhala, which on one hand is a parallel universe or alternate non-bilateral dimension. Or if you insist on GPS coordinates, it is somewhere north of the Himalayas. In Shambhala, everyone practices Kalachakra (the wheel of time that allows one to move the mind beyond compression coordinates of time and space) and therefor takes a quantum view of everything. That means we are part of a universal matrix that is interconnected and that everyone’s action is deeply integrated with an outcome that will affect everyone else. So guess what everyone in Shambhala does? They work together! No fighting allowed. They care for their environment and in turn nature protects them. There are no poor and no extreme rich. Everyone gives and takes care of everyone else. There is an understanding that everyone and everything is interconnected as part of a universal matrix with a shared common destiny. Everyone works together to make things better. According to the Shambhala prophesies that appear in various literature sources in Asia, some 2,500 years after the Nirvana of Buddha Shakyamuni, the world is in a state of chaos called the Kali Yuga or "Age of Destruction." We are more or less in this time zone right now. The narrative goes that during the Kali Yuga an empire rises in the west and tries to dominate the world making all other nations conform with its guiding principles of: unfettered greed, shortsightedness, and the fostering of anger. Outcomes are destruction of the environment resulting in natural disasters and unforeseen epidemics that cannot be cured. The rich become richer and the poor poorer. The promotion of anger through the empire’s media, social media and lack of gun control leads to unnecessary violence and endless wars. Imagine the Future - Shambhala Now this is when our second set of Himalayan expeditions comes in. In 2017 our studio began another documentary film series: Searching for the Lotus-Born Master and our sequel documentary film "Return of the Lotus-Born Master." The Lotus-Born Master who was arguably the founder of Tantric Buddhism was also possibly the father of quantum physics. He prophesied his own return in a Camelot role leading the knights of Shambhala during the Age of Destruction to rid our planet of the demons of greed, shortsightedness and anger. One can easily imagine that we are in this time now. Certainly the coronavirus prophesies of unforeseen and incurable pestilence sparking this epic battle between a world of greed, shortsightedness and anger juxtaposed against one of compassion and harmony fostered through a common shared destiny, were all predicted in the prophesies. So one can imagine when the Lotus-Born Master returns and takes his seat as the future king of Shambhala, that he may very well abolish fossil fuels, promote green finance, tightly regulate the trading of derivatives, raise the capital requirements of banks, and eliminate student debt. He may insist that big data should be used for smart infrastructure management, green energy grids and real time health care response, rather than for spying on people’s personal interests to hijack their minds as is the case today with certain Big Tech monopolies. He will certainly insist that technology needs to now be applied to green energy and health care solutions not violent video games and anger-fostering social media platforms that only divide people against them selves. The coronavirus crisis shoves into our face a choice. Do we work together to solve challenges like pandemics, environmental deterioration and climate distortion, gaps between rich and poor, heath and well being as a shared common destiny that each and everyone of us is part of and has our part to play? That will require re-assessing our global values, re-configuring our global financial system, re-applying technologies in a way that benefits rather than hurts and divides people. In short re-coding the planet paradigm. This planet is just a tiny space ship or oxygen ball floating in vast darkness out there. If we do not work together and re-adjust our economic systems, technology focus and overarching mindset, then that little space ship called earth is going to crash. We are all interlinked into a common matrix that has a shared destiny. That applies to mankind, animals, all life on this planet for that matter. Yes, we are all in this thing together so now it is time to put down differences and work together. So, what do you think? Is it is time that we all start searching for Shambhala. Or better yet, let’s create it. Laurence Brahm is an award winning documentary film director and Himalayan explorer, and he is also a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
37534828	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/jiangsu/zhangjiagang/2020-03/27/content_37534828.htm	2020-03-27	Zhangjiagang-produced coronavirus test kits certified for EU	Five novel coronavirus test kits developed by EACHY Biopharmaceuticals Co based in Zhangjiagang, East China's Jiangsu province recently obtained international CE certification (EU standard). "The product is easy to use and works effectively," said Li Jing, chief of the company's quality and technology department. "It requires only one drop of blood and can provide results within 10 to 15 minutes." EACHY Biopharmaceuticals Co, founded in 2013, has been focusing on the research and development of innovative diagnostic reagents. It had produced three types of test kits for the coronavirus as of Jan 31, which can be widely used in fever clinics, residential communities, airports, bus stations, schools and companies. The company has also developed a series of fast test kits for inflamed and infectious diseases, providing comprehensive solutions for primary-level medical institutions. An international CE certification shows that three novel coronavirus test kits developed by EACHY Biopharmaceuticals Co meet EU standards. [Photo/WeChat account: zjgtvnews]  
WS5e7d6c53a3101282172827a7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d6c53a3101282172827a7.html	2020-03-27	Coronavirus overwhelms America's hospitals	  A hospital worker readies a nasal swab during drive-thru tests for coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Indian Wells, California, US, March 26, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] American hospitals are becoming stretched to capacity with coronavirus patients, deaths and a lack of personal protective equipment (PPE) for staff, according to the doctors and nurses on the front lines. The number of people with the virus in the US surged above 84,000 on Thursday, with more than 1,200 dead, including Kious Kelly, 48, an assistant nursing manager at Mount Sinai West, a New York City hospital. Nurses at the hospital took to Facebook to post a picture of themselves in trash bags showing their lack of PPE. "NO MORE GOWNS IN THE WHOLE HOSPITAL," they wrote. "An outbreak, a pandemic like this could overwhelm any system in the world," warned Dr Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and an adviser to President Donald Trump's White House Coronavirus Task Force. There are fewer than 100,000 intensive care unit (ICU) beds in the US, according to the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, forcing hospitals to create more. In Louisiana, a COVID-19 hotspot with 2,305 cases and 83 deaths, the government is trying to secure hotels for makeshift hospitals. It also has converted three state parks into isolation sites for patients who can't go home. Harborview Medical Center in Seattle, Washington, has turned a homeless shelter into a recovery center with 45 beds. Washington is one of the states due to get mobile military hospitals. And two US Navy hospital ships are set to dock in Los Angeles and New York. In New York state, the epicenter of the country's outbreak with 37,258 cases and 281 deaths, Elmhurst Hospital, a public facility with 545 beds in the New York City borough of Queens, has become overwhelmed. Thirteen people died at the hospital in the past 24 hours, a spokesman for New York City's public hospital system said. Dr Ashley Bray, a general medicine resident at Elmhurst, treated an 80-year-old woman, a 60-year-old man and a 38-year-old man diagnosed with COVID-19 on Tuesday — but all died. She described the scenes as "apocalyptic". The hospital has transferred patients without coronavirus to other facilities and has redirected arriving ambulances to other facilities. Colleen Smith, an emergency room doctor at Elmhurst, said that they have been relying on ventilators — mechanical breathing machines — donated from other hospitals and other less-effective breathing devices. But some patients died in the emergency room while waiting for a bed. A large refrigerated truck has been stationed outside to store the bodies as the hospital's morgue becomes full. Many bereaved don't come to collect the bodies right away. A recent survey by Premier, a hospital group purchasing organization, said 20 percent of American hospitals didn't have enough ventilators for patients, and 97 percent were reusing N95 masks, putting the users at risk. Dr Rana Awdish, a pulmonary and critical care physician at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit, Michigan, told CNN: "We just want to be protected … we have created rituals of decontamination when we go home so we don't contaminate our families. We are sleeping in garages and spare rooms just to protect our families." Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago and several hospital systems — including Geisinger in Pennsylvania — are now weighing their policy of resuscitating dying patients against their need to protect medical staff in light of PPE shortages. Dr Sylvie de Silva, head of the emergency department at the 175-year-old Brooklyn Hospital, where she trained, told The New York Times on Wednesday: "I have so many different fears." If the patient load increases at the current pace, the doctor said that she is concerned the emergency room will be out of space by next week. If many patients are desperately ill and need life support, she worries about having to choose between them. In New York state, at least 5,000 people are currently hospitalized, 1,290 are in ICUs on ventilators, and about 1,500 have been discharged after being hospitalized. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said his state needs 140,000 hospital beds. It has 53,000. He said that all hospitals have been asked to increase capacity by 50 to 100 percent. Cuomo plans to increase capacity by converting hotels, empty college dormitories and Manhattan's Jacob Javits Convention Center. He is also asking the federal government for more help. New York University medical students are being allowed to graduate three months early to help. Manhattan's Bellevue Hospital has created a massive makeshift morgue. Cuomo said at his daily morning news conference Thursday that the state has procured 7,000 ventilators in addition to 4,000 on hand but is still "shopping" for more. Ventilators at NewYork-Presbyterian's Columbia University Irving Medical Center are being set up to serve two patients at once, "but it's not ideal" and "there is not enough to meet the national need", he said. Normal patients on ventilators use them for three to four days. But COVID-19 patients may need them for 11 to 21 days, Cuomo said. "Almost any scenario that is realistic will overwhelm the capacity of the current healthcare system. … We are literally adding to the hospital capacity any way we can," Cuomo said. New York City has 1,800 ICU beds. But they are expected to be full by Friday, according to a Federal Emergency Management Agency leadership briefing obtained by The New York Times. "The number of deaths is increasing. People are dying. That is the worst news you can have," Cuomo said.
WS5e7d5bcaa3101282172826ab	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d5bcaa3101282172826ab.html	2020-03-27	UNICEF official calls on Libya's parties to stop hostilities, fight coronavirus instead	  Members of Red Crescent spray disinfectants, as part of precautionary measures against coronavirus disease at government offices in Misrata, Libya March 21, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TRIPOLI - An official of the United Nations children's agency on Thursday called on the warring parties in Libya to halt fighting and instead focus on combating the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. "Appalled that instead of respecting call for humanitarian truce, warring parties fighting more in Tripoli. Spare your children and families. Fight only the invisible common enemy covid19," UNICEF Special Representative in Libya Abdel-Rahman Ghandour tweeted. The United Nations Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL) on Wednesday said that attacks and counterattacks in Libya continue to inflict further suffering and civilian casualties. "UNSMIL calls for an immediate de-escalation, including cessation of hostilities, demobilization of forces, and stopping the influx of foreign fighters and weapons," UNSMIL said in a statement. The eastern-based army has been committed to a military campaign over the past year in and around the capital Tripoli, trying to take over the city and topple the rival UN-backed government. Thousands have been killed and injured in the fighting, and more than 150,000 have been displaced to flee the violence.
WS5e7d5aeaa310128217282696	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d5aeaa310128217282696.html	2020-03-27	Brazil's Maracana stadium tapped to serve as coronavirus hospital	  An aerial view of Maracana stadium during the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, March 26, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] RIO DE JANEIRO - Brazil's Maracana sports complex in Rio de Janeiro, which includes the world famous soccer stadium, will become a temporary hospital to help fight coronavirus, state authorities said on Thursday. As cases of coronavirus have spread in Brazil, reaching over 2,900 on Thursday, state authorities have sought sports venues for use as temporary hospitals. Seventy-seven people have died from the disease, although right-wing President Jair Bolsonaro has repeatedly downplayed the severity of the illness, comparing it to a "little flu." At the state level, governors have been implementing lockdowns and trying to expand medical facilities, even as Bolsonaro harshly criticizes them for what he has described as an unnecessary slowdown of Latin America's largest economy. The Maracana will join Sao Paulo's Pacaembu stadium and the Mané Garrincha stadium in Brasilia as they are converted into temporary health facilities. Brazil's soccer federation has suspended the current season of the country's national tournament due to the outbreak. The Rio stadium held the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final as well as the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2016 Olympic Games. It was inaugurated for the 1950 FIFA World Cup and is among the largest, best known soccer venues in the world. Rio de Janeiro authorities said they had yet to decide how many beds the Maracana would hold. It was also unclear whether the temporary hospital would be built on the soccer playing field itself or elsewhere in the sports complex, which is also home to a track and field stadium and an aquatic park. Overall, Rio de Janeiro's state, Brazil's second most populous, expects to build six temporary hospitals.  Reuters
WS5e7d5862a31012821728265a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d5862a31012821728265a.html	2020-03-27	Six contract coronavirus after London Olympic qualifiers	  The Bedouin Jordanian boxer Reem al Shammry practices at the Jordanian Olympic Preparation Center, ahead of this year's Asian/Oceanian Tokyo 2020 boxing qualifying event, in Amman, Jordan, on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LONDON - Organizers of a suspended Olympic boxing qualifying tournament in London hit back at accusations of irresponsibility on Thursday as the number of competitors and coaches testing positive for coronavirus grew to six. The Croatian federation said three team members had contracted the disease, a day after Turkey reported positives for two boxers and a coach. The event at the Copper Box, featuring hundreds of male and female fighters from Europe seeking places at the now-postponed Tokyo 2020 Games, was halted on March 16 after three days. The International Olympic Committee's Boxing Task Force (BTF), who organized the event after last year's suspension of world boxing body AIBA, wished those concerned a speedy recovery but questioned the link. "Some news reports appeared to draw a connection between the affected participants and the Boxing Road to Tokyo European qualifier held in London," it said in a statement. "The London event was suspended 10 days ago... and the BTF is not aware of any link between the competition and the infection. "Many participants were in independently organized training camps in Italy, Great Britain and in their home countries before the competition started on 14 March 2020 and have returned home a while ago so it is not possible to know the source of infection." 'Disastrous result' The Turkish Boxing Federation named one of its boxers as middleweight Serhat Guler, who had a bye before beating Israeli Mikhail Ostroumov on March 16. Croatia's N1 television said heavyweight Toni Filipi, beaten by Ukrainian Serhii Horskov on March 15, and coach Tomo Kadic had tested positive. "The IOC should have known that they ought to have scrapped the qualifiers," said Kadic. The BBC quoted Croatian federation secretary-general Marko Marovic as saying the third person was also a coach. "Our epidemiologist says they were most probably infected during (the) Tokyo 2020 qualifier," he added. Turkish Federation president Eyup Gozgec said the situation was "the disastrous result of the irresponsibility of the IOC task force". "This virus has been around since December 2019. Therefore, it is inevitable to ask why the European Qualification event was not postponed before it even took place," he wrote in a letter to board members of the European Boxing Confederation. The BTF said many other sports and public events were going on in Britain at the time because the government had not imposed restrictions. It said precautionary measures were taken before, during and after the event. A spokesman for local organizers said the medical team had been in daily contact with Public Health England throughout the tournament with regular guidance provided to all teams and daily temperature tests for competitors. Spectators were barred on the final Monday. "Teams were advised on the steps they should take if any members of their delegation showed symptoms of the virus," the spokesman added. "During the competition there were no recorded instances of teams contacting the medical team to report symptoms." Gozgec's criticism of the 'horrible event' followed remarks from Umar Kremlev, president of Russia's Boxing Federation, who had said it was 'ridiculous' the tournament had ever started. Kremlev and Gozgec both sit on AIBA's 28 member executive committee. The IOC suspended AIBA over issues surrounding its finances and governance.  Reuters
WS5e7d5752a310128217282642	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d5752a310128217282642.html	2020-03-27	Xi's words of support for countries battling coronavirus	  During the global battle against COVID-19, President Xi Jinping has frequently exchanged views with foreign leaders. Here is some of what he has said to give support to the world in the pandemic fight.  
WS5e7d51fca310128217282606	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d51fca310128217282606.html	2020-03-27	Coronavirus claims over 8,000 lives in Italy with 80,539 cumulative cases	  Medical workers in protective suits check a document as they treat patients suffering with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in an intensive care unit at the Casalpalocco hospital, a hospital in Rome that has been dedicated to treating cases of the disease, Italy, March 24, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME -- The coronavirus pandemic has claimed 8,165 lives in locked-down Italy by Thursday, with the cumulative number of cases reaching 80,539, according to new data released by the Civil Protection Department. Speaking during a nightly televised press conference, Agostino Miozzo, director of Civil Protection Department and coordinator of the Technical and Scientific Committee, confirmed that there are 4,492 new coronavirus infections compared to Wednesday, bringing the nationwide active infections to 62,013 cases. Of those infected, 33,648 are under house isolation and 3,612 are hospitalized in intensive care, while 24,753 are in ordinary hospital wards. He added that there were 999 new recoveries compared to Wednesday, bringing the total to 10,361. The death toll between Wednesday and Thursday was 662, bringing the total to 8,165 since the pandemic first broke out in northern Italy on Feb 21. The numbers are up from an official tally on Wednesday evening of 57,521 actively infected, 7,503 deaths, and 9,362 recoveries. Miozzo also confirmed that Civil Protection Department Chief Angelo Borrelli has tested negative for the virus, and that Italian citizens have so far donated over 52 million euros to the Civil Protection Department to fight the emergency.
WS5e7d5020a3101282172825eb	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d5020a3101282172825eb.html	2020-03-27	Coronavirus cases in UK jump to 11,658 as single-day deaths top 100	A lorry is seen outside the ExCel exhibition centre in London, Britain, March 25, 2020. [Photo/UK] LONDON - The British government said on Thursday that the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in the country has risen to 11,658 as single-day deaths topped 100 for the first time since the outbreak of the disease. The British Department of Health and Social Care said a total of 115 people had died of COVID-19 in 24 hours, bringing the tally to 578. The number of confirmed cases registered an increase of 2,129 on Thursday from 9,529 on Wednesday. A man runs in Parliament Square in London, Britain, March 25, 2020.[Photo/Xinhua] A total of 104,866 people have been tested in the country, with 93,208 negative results. The latest official figures came at a time when global coronavirus infection cases surpassed half a million. The Department of Health said that it had changed the way it reported coronavirus deaths. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is facing mounting pressure to speed up the rollout of coronavirus tests for the public and frontline health workers as concern intensifies that a lack of diagnostics is impeding efforts to contain the epidemic. The British government is racing to ramp up its response to the pandemic. The British National Health Service (NHS) is seeking thousands of extra staff among health workers recently retired, while a military field hospital with 4,000 beds is being installed in east London. Police ride horses through Parliament Square in London, Britain, March 25, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The prime minister said on Wednesday that 405,000 people had responded in just 24 hours to a call for volunteers to support the NHS and vulnerable people, significantly more than the 250,000 initially sought. The public has been urged to take part in a mass round of applause on Thursday night to commend the NHS staff and carers for their work amid the coronavirus outbreak. A man walks by the ExCel exhibition centre in London, Britain, March 25, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The "clap for our carers" campaign is set to take place at 2000 GMT on Thursday from the country's doorsteps, windows, gardens and balconies. Organisers of the initiative have planned a round of applause in a show of appreciation to doctors, nurses and all other people involved in tackling the spread of COVID-19.
WS5e7d4f38a3101282172825de	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/27/WS5e7d4f38a3101282172825de.html	2020-03-27	Wu's coronavirus battle continues	  Wu Lei of China competes during the match against Syria in Dubai on Nov 14, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] Wu Lei's fight against the coronavirus is not over yet. Representatives for the Team China and Espanyol star, who was last week confirmed to have tested positive for COVID-19, on Wednesday denied reports that he had retested negative. "Recently, a series of reports from Spanish media about Wu Lei, including the time of his coronavirus diagnosis, symptoms, recovery process and negative test result have not been true," Wu's representatives said in a statement released on social media. "Wu is currently in a good condition, but is still in isolation and has not been tested again." The statement added an update on Wu's condition will be issued as soon as possible. The Chinese Football Association confirmed Wu's infection last weekend, with the 28-year-old reporting only mild symptoms and repeatedly telling fans "don't worry". The rumor mill, however, remains in overdrive with topics related to the negative-test story viewed over 100 million times on Weibo on Wednesday night before the denial was issued. The statement from Wu's representatives was inevitably greeted with disappointment from fans, who are anxious to see the hotshot return to peak health as soon as possible. So far, Wu remains the only Chinese international to test positive for the coronavirus. As the only Team China player plying his trade in a top foreign league, his importance to the national side is immense while he is also considered a role model for young domestic talent dreaming of a career abroad. After helping Shanghai SIPG to the 2018 Chinese Super League title, Wu's move to Espanyol was testament to his ambition levels. He could have settled for an easier life in the CSL but chose instead to raise the bar and test himself in Spain. Last year, he became the first Chinese to score in La Liga and this year found the net against the mighty Barcelona to boost his global profile further. His achievements, though, have not come without personal sacrifice, with his family initially finding it tough to adapt to the move. Wu's wife, Zhong Jiabei, for the first time shared an insight into their new life on her husband's personal blog on Wednesday. She is currently taking care of Wu during his quarantine at home, while their children are reportedly temporarily staying with Wu's parents in Barcelona. "After he decided to make the transfer, I came to Dubai to meet him and at that time we hadn't met for months," Zhong wrote. "Then I went to Barcelona first looking to rent a house. After his national team duty, he came to join me. We stayed in a hotel for a while worrying what to eat every day. We didn't know the language and were not familiar with the environment. It took a month to rent a house. "After a summer vacation, both of us returned to Barcelona while the kids stayed in China. He trained with the team for more than half a month while I was alone at the house. That was a difficult time. With a strange language and environment, I didn't want to walk around and talk to anyone until I finally made some friends." These days Zhong is feeling more at ease in Barcelona and the couple have found their two children a new school. She still spends a lot of time at home taking care of the kids, with Wu busy training and playing for Espanyol and China-at least prior to the virus outbreak that is. "As long as I can return to Shanghai, I'm thrilled. But each time I have to leave for Spain, I feel like crying. Gradually, I've got used to this life," Zhong added. "After he showed symptoms and we prepared to have self-quarantine, we give each other a big hug. It was a hug for all that we've been through over the past year. It's also been a great job by our kids, who didn't know a single Spanish word when they arrived and now they can talk fluently to their classmates." Having conquered many personal and professional challenges over the last few years, Wu must now conquer the coronavirus. "This is a tough moment for Wu Lei. There can always be difficulties on your journey in a foreign league," former Manchester City defender and retired China international Sun Jihai wrote on Weibo. "You have to believe in yourself and get well as soon as possible. When the epidemic ends and La Liga restarts, you will soar again on the pitch."
WS5e7c939ea3101282172824d1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7c939ea3101282172824d1.html	2020-03-26	South African president tests negative for coronavirus	  President Cyril Ramaphosa delivers his State of the Nation address at parliament in Cape Town, South Africa, Feb 13, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] CAPE TOWN - South African President Cyril Ramaphosa has tested negative for the novel coronavirus, his office said on Thursday. The president submitted for testing as a precautionary measure upon the advice of his physicians on Tuesday and received his results Wednesday night, presidential spokesperson Khusela Diko said. As head of state and chair of the National Command Council (NCC) tasked to deal with coronavirus, Ramaphosa has a rigorous schedule for public engagements and has, during the course of the last few weeks, held numerous meetings with a wide cross-section of people from all walks of life. In line with international guidelines as well as those of the national Department of Health, testing is recommended if people experience symptoms, live in or recently travelled to an area with ongoing spread of coronavirus, or have been in close contact with someone known to have the virus, known as COVID-19, Diko said. The Presidency has deemed it necessary to make the test results public to reassure the nation that the president is in good health and continues with his duties, Diko said. This came hours before the country goes into a national lockdown which starts midnight Thursday. Under the lockdown, most shops will be closed except for pharmacies, laboratories, banks, essential financial and payment services, including the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE), supermarkets, petrol stations and health care providers. Individuals will not be allowed to leave their homes except under strictly controlled circumstances, such as to seek medical care, buy food, medicine and other supplies or collect a social grant. Up till Wednesday, South Africa's coronavirus cases surged to 709, an increase of 155 from Tuesday's announcement, the highest rise in a single day since the country reported its first case on March 5.
WS5e7c4404a310128217282367	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7c4404a310128217282367.html	2020-03-26	Step by step, Tibet wins against coronavirus	A cured patient (R) expresses his gratitude to medical staff at the Third People's Hospital of Tibet, in Lhasa, capital of Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, Feb 12, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The Tibet autonomous region has been making steady progress in its war against the COVID-19 epidemic, officials of the region's Health Commission said on Wednesday. Tibet was the first area of the country to be declared free of the infection. Its sole coronavirus patient recovered and was discharged from the hospital on Feb 12 after being treated for 18 days. The region had no infections of medical personnel. As of Tuesday, it had reported zero new infections for 56 consecutive days. Zhang Gengyun, deputy director of the commission, said medical professionals will perform health checks in the region's airports and at train stations and highway checkpoints to reduce the risks of inadvertently importing a new coronavirus case and triggering a new outbreak. "Medics check the body temperatures of visitors entering the region, ask about where they've been in their travels and register them," Zhang said. "The region has handled 470,000 new visitors, more than 1.3 million people have received medical screenings and 16,735 people required epidemiological investigation."
WS5e7c3bc4a31012821728235f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7c3bc4a31012821728235f.html	2020-03-26	Japan to set up coronavirus HQ, possible step to emergency declaration: media	  A woman wearing a protective face mask due to the outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID 19) walks next to Omega clock, which was previously used as a countdown clock for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games and currently displaying current time and date, after the announcement of the games 'postponement to the summer of 2021, in Tokyo, Japan, March 25, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Japan was preparing a special coronavirus headquarters on Thursday, which could set the stage for a state of emergency over the outbreak, Kyodo news agency reported, after the capital of Tokyo saw a sharp rise in cases this week. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference it was a "very critical time" for Japan to prevent a surge in the spread of the virus. Under a law revised this month to cover the coronavirus, the prime minister can declare a state of emergency if the disease poses a "grave danger" to lives and if its rapid spread threatens serious economic damage. The virus has increased Japan's recession risk. Japan has had 1,313 domestic cases of coronavirus as of Thursday morning, separate from 712 from a cruise ship that was moored near Tokyo last month, broadcaster NHK reported. There have been 45 domestic deaths and 10 from the cruise ship, it said. If a state of emergency is declared, governors in hard-hit regions would be able to take steps such as asking people to stay home, closing schools and other public facilities and cancelling large events. The International Olympic Committee and the government on Tuesday agreed to put back the Tokyo 2020 Olympics to 2021 over the outbreak. On Wednesday, the governor of Tokyo warned of the risk of an explosive rise in coronavirus infections in the capital and asked residents to avoid non-essential outings through April 12, especially over the weekend. The city has become the centre of Japan's coronavirus epidemic, with 212 cases as of Wednesday, more than any other region after increases this week. "The government and local authorities will cooperate based on the awareness that this is a very critical time to prevent the spread of the virus," Suga told a news conference. Tokyo's neighbouring prefectures of Saitama and Chiba were considering asking their residents to refrain from travel to Tokyo over the weekend, media reported. A Saitama official said a decision would be made depending on the situation. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has already told schools to close - although many are now preparing to reopen - and asked organisers to refrain from large-scale events, but his instructions had no formal legal basis. Even if a state of emergency is declared, legal experts have noted there are no penalties for ignoring most of the local authorities' instructions. But the declaration would put added pressure on people and businesses to obey. Reuters
WS5e7c279da31012821728233c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7c279da31012821728233c.html	2020-03-26	Let cooperation dispel dark clouds of coronavirus	  A notice showing "facial masks are out of stock" is seen on a door of a pharmacy store in New York, U.S., February 29, 2020. /Xinhua China is ready to work with France for greater coordination and cooperation in the UN, the G20 and other frameworks to promote joint prevention and control and improve global health governance, Chinese President Xi Jinping said during a phone conservation with French President Emmanuel Macron on March 23.   Xi also stressed the necessity to help developing countries and other countries in need to build capacity and to counteract the impact on the global economy. Cooperation, the Chinese President noted, is like sunshine that can drive away the dark clouds of the epidemic.   Standing at the height of global health governance to underline the importance of solidarity and collaboration, the Chinese President has demonstrated the country's strong determination and faith to work with other countries to fight the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic and safeguard global development.   To promote solidarity and cooperation is a vital responsibility of the international society in combating COVID-19. Solidarity, as WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has repeated called for, shall be the common choice of all countries.   Josep Borrell Fontelles, the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy noted that countries must strengthen cooperation because it's the crucial moment for upholding multilateralism and jointly fighting COVID-19, and concerted efforts are needed to overcome the common threat of mankind.   In the era of globalization, countries share challenges and responsibilities. They should realize that to protect the health and security of their own people is a contribution to safeguarding global health security, and helping each other with the COVID-19 control efforts is to relive their own burden.   Countries should complement each other in the battle against COVID-19, cooperate vigorously in scientific research, share research data and information, and jointly study and propose coping strategies. Cooperation is an inescapable duty of all countries, and the epidemic tests the sense of responsibility.   To strengthen communication and coordination is essential. The mounting epidemic prevention pressure makes communication and coordination a pressing task of all countries.   In recent days, through video conferences, Chinese medical experts have introduced China's experience on COVID-19 fight, and shared the latest research outcomes, information and relevant measures on epidemic prevention and control with their foreign peers from Pacific island countries, Africa, Europe, Eurasia, South Asia, Latin America and Caribbean countries on curbing the COVID-19 pneumonia.   At China's initiative, foreign ministers of China, Japan and South Korea held a special video conference on COVID-19, discussing the joint prevention and control mechanism among the three countries to effectively curb the spread of the epidemic.   The G20 finance ministers and central bank governors discussed with each other on global economy during a televised meeting and agreed to develop a joint G20 Action Plan in response to the pandemic.   Global countries are enhancing communication and collaboration as COVID-19 is spreading fast and has exerted extensive impacts. It conforms to their common interests to propel global cooperation on COVID-19 control and reduce the impact of the pandemic on global economy to the largest extent.   Improving global health governance is an initiative that benefits the future generations. Over the past decades, the world has made notable progress in this respect, but also faced complicated and arduous challenges posed by frequent occurring of infectious diseases. In addition, mass population movement in the era of globalization has made health threats more globalized. Also, the weakness of the global health governance system mirrored by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pneumonia has heightened the urgency of improving global public health governance.   Isolation won't stop the spread of the virus, and no single country is able to meet all challenges on its own. To protect people's health, countries need to adhere to multilateralism, uphold the principle of wide consultation, joint contribution and shared benefits, and jointly build a community of common health for mankind.   Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, noted that "We need to save lives now while also improving the way we respond to outbreaks in general." To improve the ability to protect mankind against viruses, countries need to be future-oriented and improve global health governance through joint efforts.   The coronavirus has brought about tough challenges to the human race. To deal with the unknown and huge challenges and mitigate the wide-ranging influence of the epidemic, mankind needs to work together to beat the virus with faith and bravery. We should believe that as long as countries of the world act to hold the principle of a community with a shared future, and cooperate with each other, we'll surely dispel the clouds of the virus with cooperation and safeguard people's right to life.  
WS5e7c0fd5a310128217282242	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7c0fd5a310128217282242.html	2020-03-26	Brazilian tennis player Wild tests positive for coronavirus	RIO DE JANEIRO - Brazilian tennis player Thiago Wild has tested positive for the coronavirus, less than a month after winning his first ATP title. The 20-year-old said he is making a good recovery, having fallen ill with fever and flu-like symptoms early last week. "Hey, guys, I just want to let you know that I've contracted the COVID-19. I've been in self-isolation for the past week and now I'm following the doctor's orders by taking care of myself," Wild said in a video posted on social media on Wednesday. Wild became the youngest Brazilian to win an ATP title when he clinched the Chile Open earlier this month, aged 19 years and 257 days. The world No 114 urged people to take the disease seriously by avoiding social contact. "It's important to stay at home and take care. This is a serious illness but it can be controlled with everybody's help," he added.
WS5e7bf8dda3101282172820e9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7bf8dda3101282172820e9.html	2020-03-26	Cannes opens its doors to homeless after coronavirus delays film festival	  People walk past a Palme d'Or symbol on the pavement near the Festival palace on the Croisette in Cannes as Cannes Mayor David Lisnard decided to open a part of the palace to welcome needy and homeless as a lockdown is imposed to slow the rate of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in France, March 24, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS - The Palais des Festivals should be preparing to welcome the hottest names in cinema onto its red carpet. Instead the Cannes Film Festival venue is opening its doors to the town's homeless who have nowhere to go during the coronavirus lockdown. The annual film festival in the palm-fringed French Riviera resort had been due to take place from May 12-23 but last week organisers postponed the event until late June. The festival hall opened its doors to the destitute on Friday. "We have between 50 and 70 people here every night," said Dominique Aude-Lasset, an official at Cannes Town Hall. Eight days ago, President Emmanuel Macron told France's 67 million people to stay at home to protect themselves from the pandemic, and to slow its spread. That's a big problem for the country's estimated 12,000 homeless who live on the streets. There is concern the coronavirus could have an outsized impact on the homeless who often live without access to proper sanitation and sometimes suffer underlying illnesses. Many rely on handouts from a public now confined indoors. At the entrance, a worker in a face mask takes the temperature of each homeless person each time they enter the site. Inside, there is an eating area, shower block and communal space with television and games. In a cavernous, low-ceiling room, camp-beds are set up in three long lines. There are also four kennels to house man's best friend. "We know dogs are precious for people living on the streets," Aude-Lasset said. REUTERS
WS5e7bed8da3101282172820c3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7bed8da3101282172820c3.html	2020-03-26	Over 400,000 coronavirus cases reported globally: WHO	A woman wearing a face mask walks on a street in Frankfurt, Germany, March 25, 2020.[Photo/Xinhua] The global death toll from COVID-19 has climbed to 18,433, as the virus affected 196 countries and regions GENEVA - A total of 413,467 cases of COVID-19 were reported globally as of 10:00 CET (0900 GMT) Wednesday, according to the situation dashboard by the World Health Organization (WHO). The global death toll from COVID-19 has climbed to 18,433, as the virus affected 196 countries and regions. Outside China, the number of confirmed cases has risen to 331,619, among which nearly 240,000 cases were reported by the six most affected countries with over 20,000 cases each, namely Italy, the United States, Spain, Germany, Iran and France. The Eiffel Tower glitters twice as long as usual to thank and support hospital staff during the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic in Paris, France, March 23, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] "The pandemic continues to take a massive toll not just on health, but on so many parts of life," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said on Wednesday. Tedros noted many countries have introduced unprecedented measures at significant social and economic cost. By asking people to stay at home and shutting down population movement, Tedros said, those countries are buying time and reducing the pressure on health systems. An employee of the Municipality of Athens sprays disinfectant at the Syntagma square in Athens, Greece, March 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] However, the WHO chief stressed these measures will not extinguish epidemics on their own. He reiterated the necessity of taking aggressive measures to find, isolate, test, treat and trace COVID-19 cases. Noting over 150 countries and regions see fewer than 100 cases, Tedros said these countries and regions have the chance to prevent community transmission and avoid some of the more severe social and economic costs seen elsewhere.
WS5e7beafaa3101282172820a1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7beafaa3101282172820a1.html	2020-03-26	Europe shifts gear in its fight against coronavirus	A van carries a message in support of the NHS outside Downing street as the spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) continues in London, Britain, March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has praised the country's public after 405,000 people volunteered to help the National Health Service in its efforts to fight the novel coronavirus outbreak. The response, within 24 hours of the appeal being launched, far exceeds the target figure of 250,000, and speaking at the daily Downing Street media briefing, Johnson said he thought the country was "coping very well indeed" under uniquely challenging circumstances. He also revealed that Chancellor Rishi Sunak would announce economic measures to help Britain's self-employed workers on Thursday, to catch up with other sectors of the country's workforce. "Never in our history has the government put its arms around people in the way that we are doing now," he said, before reiterating the government's core message, which was the slogan printed across the podium from which he spoke: Stay at home, Protect the NHS, Save lives. Earlier, the aunt of a 21-year-old British woman who died after testing positive for the virus spoke of her family's devastation and said "the reality of this virus is only just unfolding before our very eyes". In a Facebook post, the aunt of Chloe Middleton, who had no underlying health problems and is the youngest UK victim yet, said her family was in "unimaginable pain" and "shattered beyond belief". "Please, please adhere to government guidelines," wrote Emily Mistry. "DO YOUR BIT. Protect yourselves and protect others!! The virus isn't spreading, PEOPLE are spreading the virus. In Scotland, Prince Charles, the Queen's oldest son and heir to the British throne, is self-isolating after testing positive for COVID-19. The 71-year-old is reported to have shown 'mild symptoms' but is in otherwise good health. Elsewhere, the chairman of the Police Federation of England and Wales has said people must cooperate in the fight against the spread of COVID-19 or they can expect the introduction of tighter emergency laws than those introduced earlier this week. Writing in the Daily Telegraph, John Apter said unless people observed the restrictions announced on Monday, "further laws and emergency legislation could be introduced to clamp down harder on selfishness in the face of the fight against this virus." Policing, he said, would be "by consent. Police officers are not going to be militaristic in their approach", so public help was needed or "intolerable strain" would be put on resources. On Tuesday, police in the city of Coventry had to break up a crowd of 20 people having a barbeque. "We all have a moral duty to uphold the rule of law and look out for each other," Apter said, adding "either the public heeds the prime minister's warning and stays at home, or the fight against COVID-19 will be longer and more will likely be affected". Meanwhile, the country's airline industry has been told to take its place in the queue for financial help to get through the crisis, with Chancellor Sunak saying he expects airlines to explore other routes before resorting to state help. "We would expect all companies to be pursuing all possible actions to preserve cash and maximise liquidity, including engaging with shareholders, lenders and the markets and utilizing all available assets and facilities," he said, adding that the government was "prepared to enter negotiations with individual companies seeking bespoke support as a last resort, having exhausted other options". A man prays in front of an empty St Peter's Square in Rome on Wednesday as Italy continues its fight against the novel coronavirus pandemic. [Photo/Agencies] Latest figures revealed in Spain on Wednesday mean the country has now surpassed China and has the second highest death toll after Italy. Italy's Emergency Commissioner and Civil Protection Chief Angelo Borrelli and his entire team are now self-isolating after he had to cancel his daily media conference on Wednesday after exhibiting symptoms of fever. The country's total of deaths is now 7,503, an overnight increase of 683 fatalities. Prosecutors in Austria are considering opening a criminal investigation into reports a novel coronavirus patient at the ski resort of Ischgl was reported too late, resulting in it becoming a hotspot of infection. In France, the workshops of luxury fashion brands Balenciaga and Saint Laurent have become the latest companies to start making protection masks in a bid to fight the pandemic.
WS5e7b96e2a31012821728203e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7b96e2a31012821728203e.html	2020-03-26	Xi to attend virtual G20 summit on coronavirus	None
WS5e7c043ca310a2fabb7a3356	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7c043ca310a2fabb7a3356.html	2020-03-26	High-tech used to fight coronavirus	Changsha is using the latest technology to resume a safe work and living environment with unmanned aerial vehicles, intelligent driving and 3D printing. A small driverless vehicle travels between a canteen and companies in an industrial park of Changsha. Workers scan a QR code on the car to retrieve their meals. The so-called "contactless delivery" is favored during the COVID-19 outbreak to avoid human-to-human transmission. Changsha Xingshen Intelligent Technology, maker of the car, said the vehicle can deliver 200 meals a day. The product was put on the market on Feb 11. Before, the company's driverless delivery car worked in Hubei province, the hardest-hit area of the outbreak, delivering mail. When people and companies resumed work, the flow of visitors at residential communities became denser. At a community in Changsha, an unmanned aerial vehicle flies above to monitor the area and broadcast information about epidemic control from time to time. It can also check the body temperature of residents using infrared thermal imaging technology. If someone's temperature surpasses 37.3 C, the machine will send an automatic alarm. Besides this, robots are used in local communities to clean garbage cans, chairs and fitness equipment to protect sanitation workers. Cowa Robot, the company that built the robot, said it can disinfect public facilities with an airbrush while driving through the community by itself. Goggles are a necessity for medical staff fighting the outbreak, and they were facing a nationwide shortage of supply. Hunan Vanguard Group stepped in and figured out a way to produce medical goggles with its 3D printing technology within seven days. Yang Kai, general manager of the additive manufacturing department of the company, said their weight is three-fourths of standard goggles and can be customized based on data from the human face. Now more than 50 of their 3D printing machines are running 24 hours a day to produce more than 300 goggles every day, according to Yang. Li Haiqing contributed to this story.   An automated road cleaning vehicle disinfects public areas in Changsha. CHINA DAILY    
WS5e7c02cea310a2fabb7a3345	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/26/WS5e7c02cea310a2fabb7a3345.html	2020-03-26	Dedicated staff pull together to fight against coronavirus outbreak	As medical workers were busy fighting the novel coronavirus on the front line in Wuhan, Hubei province, China Eastern Airlines' pilots and crew members were in the air and racing against the clock to ensure medical workers and equipment were available as soon as possible. Emergency transport plays a key role in supporting disease prevention and control, said a CEA executive. On Jan 28, during the Lunar New Year holiday, CEA captain Liu Mingfu received an urgent phone call asking him if he could fly 148 medical workers and equipment to Wuhan. Liu agreed and rushed to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport in just five minutes to where the charter flight would depart. Fifteen minutes later, the whole team and flight crew had been assembled. Such a speed was enabled by CEA opening a special green channel. "It was the first time I had flown to Wuhan since the epidemic prevention and control began and I'm proud I could play my part," Liu said. CEA's entire staff have pulled together during the crisis to ensure people in need are cared for as quickly as possible, the company said. Li Xiaoxi and Yu Jingyan, female CEA pilots, have also flown charter flights to Wuhan delivering medics, equipment and supplies. Peng Yunyi, a young flight attendant, and her father, who also works in the company, have been working together, putting in extra hours during this period. In addition to Chinese employees, expats in CEA are also working hard to fight the virus. Diego, a CEA pilot originally from Italy, has flown flights from Wuhan to Shanghai, Beijing and Chengdu in Sichuan province since Jan 21. Having been moved by his workmates' commitment to battling the disease, he sent a long message to them via WeChat: "In this hard period, my heart is now full of good feelings. "I am full of admiration for my colleagues, for the leaders, for the company, for the Chinese society and population." He added that "with people caring for others, we will always overcome adversity". Massias Franz, a French flight attendant who has worked for CEA for three years, has been trained to serve sick or possibly infected passengers and to quarantine them. He said he felt safe at work, because before departure all staff members carry out temperature checks, and when on board face masks and gloves are worn. "I have deep feelings toward Wuhan and have some close friends there," said Franz, who was previously a diplomatic worker at the French consulate-general in Wuhan. "I hope the epidemic will end soon and I want people safe and sound." Despite many carriers stopping international flights from China, CEA is still operating in and out of the country.      
WS5e7b7943a310128217282028	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b7943a310128217282028.html	2020-03-25	Ex-US envoy decries political focus on coronavirus' origin	Susan A. Thornton (right), senior fellow at the Paul Tsai China Center of Yale Law School, attends a seminar organized by the Institute for China-America Studies in Washington on April 25, 2019. [Zhao Huanxin / China Daily] A former veteran US diplomat has criticized the amount of attention focused on the origin of the novel coronavirus, saying that it has created a "political distraction" at a time of global crisis, and everyone should contribute positively to "bending the curve" of the disease. Over the past few weeks, there have been conspiracy theories on social media platforms as well as on official occasions discussing the origin of COVID-19, which has led to a pandemic, killing at least 18,000 people and sickening more than 410,000 worldwide as of Tuesday. "The COVID-19 pandemic is a natural disaster. It is not the doing of any particular country or government," Susan A. Thornton, former US acting assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, told China Daily. "Political leaders facing public scrutiny and criticism in both China and the US are too focused on the domestic political ramifications of their perceived response, rather than on galvanizing people to work together and marshaling resources for technical experts who know what to advise and do," Thornton said in an interview by email. US President Donald Trump has repeatedly used "Chinese virus" to refer to the novel coronavirus, seemingly on grounds that he "didn't appreciate the fact that China was saying that our military gave it to them. Our military did not give it to anybody." Thornton, now senior fellow at the Paul Tsai China Center of Yale Law School, said, "To focus on where the disease came from is a political distraction," adding that it doesn't matter where the first cases were of the 1918 "Spanish Flu" pandemic or the 2012 Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). "It is factually true that the first cases were discovered in China, so it is natural for those not given to using technical terms to shorthand China or Wuhan in describing the virus," Thornton said. "It is not racial any more than Middle East Respiratory Syndrome is racist." But it is "regrettable" that it frequently comes with a clear partisan political agenda that is "highly inappropriate" in this time of global crisis and widespread human suffering, Thornton said. "It is also irresponsible for media or officials to spread obviously false conspiracy theories about the origins of the virus," she said. "All these stories have been scientifically debunked, and officials should send clear messages accordingly." In an interview with Axios on HBO that aired Sunday, Chinese Ambassador to the US Cui Tiankai said it is up to scientists to find the answer eventually. "We have to find eventually — we must have an answer to where the virus originally came," he said. "But this is a job for the scientists to do, not for diplomats, not for journalists to speculate, because such speculation will help nobody. It's very harmful." Beijing has said that labeling the coronavirus "Chinese virus" or "Wuhan virus" is stigmatization, and World Health Organization officials have warned against calling COVID-19 the "Chinese virus", saying that it could lead to racial profiling. In the Axios on HBO interview, Cui also said that the WHO has a rule regarding naming new viruses, including never giving people the impression that the virus is linked somehow to a particular location or a group of people to avoid stigma. He said he hoped the WHO rule will be followed. Thornton said governments and experts around the world are responding in the best way they know how, and it is "distracting and harmful" in a crisis to pick apart the response. Social media, however, is compounding the problem, spewing fear and blame, which is "counterproductive", she said. Concerted efforts should also be made to manage risk appropriately to blunt the impact of the outbreak on economies and help avoid a global depression. "This is at least as important as stemming the spread of disease, as many people will face life-threatening consequences from a severe economic downturn," she said. Thornton said that government institutions, which have not been polling well around the world recently, have a chance to show their mettle in this crisis. If they fail, they will confirm that people's eroding faith in their ability to perform is justified. "I hope that they can step up to the plate and lead, as none of us should want to see a world without governments that are able to competently exercise authority," Thornton said.
WS5e7b7367a310128217282023	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b7367a310128217282023.html	2020-03-25	Conflict in Libya risks undetected and out-of-control spread of coronavirus	FILE PHOTO: Members of Red Crescent spray disinfectants, as part of precautionary measures against coronavirus disease (COVID-19) at government offices in Misrata, Libya March 21, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] On Tuesday, the war-torn state or Libya confirmed its first case of coronavirus that has so far infected more than 2,000 people in Africa and killed over 50, raising fears of a catastrophe as the country's healthcare system has already been ruined by years of conflict. The announcement came hours after Stephanie Williams, the acting special representative of the secretary-general and head of the United Nations Support Mission in Libya, warned that the continuation of fighting in the country risks an undetected and out-of-control spread of novel coronavirus. "Despite the calls by many UN member states, the United Nations Support Mission in Libya (or UNSMIL) and the Secretary-General for an immediate cessation of hostilities to enable joint approaches to the coronavirus pandemic, armed clashes, shelling, and mobilization of forces in Libya continue, with unacceptable disregard for the safety and wellbeing of the civilian population," he said. Williams called on all parties to the conflict in Libya to respect international human rights and humanitarian law, to abide by the commitments they have made publicly to halt all military operations, and to put the interests of their people and communities first, above any other considerations. He urged authorities across Libya to release all prisoners who are arbitrarily detained, and consider releasing pre-trial prisoners, in particular, women, children, persons with disabilities, migrants and refugees, in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. William strongly condemned Tuesday's repeated shelling in the Ain Zara neighborhood, including the Al Rwemi prison, reportedly by forces affiliated with the Libyan National Army. He said the attacks have resulted in a number of injuries, reportedly including inmates, prisoners and judicial police officers. "In the past 48 hours, UNSMIL documented more than 13 violations of the humanitarian pause, which resulted in the killing of at least three civilians and injuries to others," Williams said on Tuesday. The Acting SRSG called for an immediate halt to the shelling on the prison and the area where the prison is located, to avoid mass casualties among prisoners and prison guards. On Saturday, António Guterres, the UN Secretary-General, called on Libya's Tripoli-based government and the Libyan National Army (LNA) to accept the draft ceasefire agreement emanating from the 5+5 Joint Military Commission talks facilitated by the United Nations in Geneva last month. In a statement, Guterres said he hoped that the humanitarian pause will be translated into a lasting ceasefire. Since last April, the UN-recognized Government of National Accord, based in the capital, has been engaged in conflict with the self-styled Libyan National Army.
WS5e7b450ea310128217281fe4	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b450ea310128217281fe4.html	2020-03-25	Ethiopia PM proposes three-point plan for G20 to fight coronavirus	Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed. [Photo/Agencies] Abiy Ahmed, Ethiopia's prime minister, has proposed a three-point action plan on how G20 countries can help African countries cope with the novel coronavirus pandemic. In a statement released by the prime minister on Tuesday and shared on his social media pages, Ahmed said that his three-point proposal was intended to safeguard the commendable progress registered in Africa against a reversal induced by the coronavirus pandemic. "The coronavirus poses an existential threat to the economies of African countries. Our economies, fragile and vulnerable even in the best times, will face serious shocks following this crisis," Ahmed said in the statement. In the proposal, the first point of the plan calls for a $150 billion aid package to be referred to as the Africa Global COVID-19 Emergency Financing Package. The prime minister says the package should be in the form of supplementary budgetary support and private sector financing. The second point asks G20 nations to provide support to the World Health Organization and Africa Center for Disease Control and Prevention to strengthen public health delivery and emergency preparedness on the continent. Lastly, Ahmed's proposal requests G20 countries implement debt reduction and restructuring plans, reminding world leaders that a global approach and strategy is needed to stop the coronavirus pandemic. "Africa's ability to take even modest measures to inject liquidity and cushion its companies and workers from the impact of this calamity are further constrained by the heavy debt burden, the servicing of which alone costs many of them significantly more than their annual health budgets," Ahmed said. In a report released after African ministers of finance held a meeting via web conferencing on Sunday, the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa said that the ministers underlined the need for a coordinated approach in designing measures to combat the virus, as well as the importance of being strategic to better optimize resources allocated to fight the coronavirus. "Africa needs an immediate emergency economic stimulus to the tune of $100 billion. For the public sector, the ministers recommend the immediate waiver of all interest payments on all debt estimated at $44 billion for 2020, with possible extension to the medium term. This would provide countries with immediate fiscal space and liquidity. This should include interest payments on public debt and sovereign bonds," Vera Songwe, the UN Economic Commission for Africa's executive secretary, said in the statement. Ahmed's proposal was released shortly before Ethiopia confirmed its 12th coronavirus case. According to a statement released by the country's minister of health, the 12th case is a 34-year-old male Ethiopian who came from Dubai on March 19. "The patient went to the health facility on March 22 when he felt the symptoms of the coronavirus and the health facility reported to the Ethiopian Public Health Institute, and the laboratory result confirmed positive," Lia Tadesse, Ethiopia's minister of health, said in a statement on Tuesday. "The patient is under medical treatment in the designated treatment center and he is in a stable condition. Fifteen people who had contact with the patient are under follow up."
WS5e7b42cea310128217281fdd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b42cea310128217281fdd.html	2020-03-25	Countries impose strict measures as coronavirus spreads rapidly in Africa	A store assistant gives people hand sanitiser as shoppers stock up on groceries at a Makro Store ahead of a nationwide 21 day lockdown in an attempt to contain the COVID-19 outbreak in Durban, South Africa, March 24, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] As novel coronavirus spreads rapidly across Africa, with over 2,000 confirmed cases and over 50 deaths, countries have imposed stringent measures to combat the pandemic. Some of the common measures include temporary closure of learning institutions, banning of public gatherings and meetings, halting of international flights, and closing of land borders, among others, in efforts to control the spread of the deadly virus. South Africa, which has the highest recorded confirmed cases in the continent at 554, has imposed a 21-day nationwide lockdown effective Thursday. This will see South Africans stay indoors except under strictly controlled circumstances, such as to seek medical care, buy food, medicine and other supplies, or collect a social grant. Citizens and residents arriving from high-risk countries will automatically be placed under quarantine for 14 days, while non-South Africans arriving on flights from Italy, Iran, South Korea, Spain, Germany, the United States, the United Kingdom and China, will be turned back. Egypt, Senegal, Côte d'Ivoire, and the Democratic Republic of Congo, on the other hand, have declared states of emergency, imposed curfews and travel restrictions to step up the fight against spread of coronavirus. As of Tuesday, Egypt, Senegal, Côte d'Ivoire and DR Congo had 366, 86, 25 and 45 confirmed cases, respectively. Egypt, the second hardest-hit country in the continent with 19 deaths, announced on Tuesday that it will impose a two-week curfew, banning movement on all public roads from 7 pm to 6 am. Making the announcement on Tuesday, Prime Minister Mostafa Madbouly said all mass transport, both public and private, will be halted within the same period. Madbouly also announced other measures, including closure of all shops and retail stores from 5 pm to 6 am and full closure on Thursday and Friday. Casinos, cafes and entertainment spots will be fully closed for two weeks, while schools and universities will continue being closed. On Monday, Macky Sall, the president of Senegal, imposed a curfew throughout the nation from 8 pm to 6 am, adding that a limitation or ban on passenger transport from region to region will be imposed. Sall also ordered the defense and security forces to be ready for the immediate and strict execution of the imposed measures. Alassane Outtara, the president of Côte d'Ivoire, announced a 9 pm to 5 am curfew and banned all non-essential travel between Abidjan, which has most of the reported confirmed coronavirus cases. Outtara also authorized the "progressive lockdown of populations by geographic area, depending on the progression of the pandemic." Felix Tshisekedi, the president of the DR Congo, announced the state of emergency on Tuesday, along with other measures, including closing of borders, banning of flights to and from the capital, Kinshasa, and banning of travel from Kinshasa to other parts of the country. Tshisekedi also announced closure of all country borders apart from truck, ship and cargo plane traffic with essential freight. The country has so far recorded three deaths from coronavirus. Despite having not recorded a confirmed case of coronavirus, Sierra Leone announced a one-year-state of emergency effective from Tuesday, to enable the government to appropriately respond to the pandemic. Julius Maada Bio, the president of Sierra Leone, said the rapid global spread of the coronavirus poses great risk to human life and can cause enormous socio-economic disruption in his country. "This situation requires effective measures," Maada said in a televised address on Tuesday. Kenya, which has 25 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus, has put in place several measures to combat the spread of the disease, including instructing people to work from home and avoid unnecessary travel, and public transport vehicles to limit the number of passengers per trip to avoid spreading the virus. The country also has banned all international passenger flights and announced mandatory self-quarantine for all citizens and foreigners with permanent residence permits at their own cost.
WS5e7b354da310128217281fcc	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b354da310128217281fcc.html	2020-03-25	Prince Charles tests positive for novel coronavirus	Queen's heir self isolating in Scotland after diagnosis The Prince of Wales has tested positive for the novel coronavirus, his office has confirmed, but remains in good health. Clarence House said Prince Charles, 71, who is Queen Elizabeth's oldest child and heir to the British throne, was diagnosed with the COVID-19 disease in Scotland, where he is now self-isolating. "He has been displaying mild symptoms but otherwise remains in good health and has been working from home throughout the last few days as usual," an official statement said. The Duchess of Cornwall has also been tested but does not have the virus. It is currently unclear where he may have picked up the virus "owing to the high number of engagements he carried out in his public role during recent weeks".  
WS5e7b20bea310128217281f7c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b20bea310128217281f7c.html	2020-03-25	Phase I trial for coronavirus vaccine gets its recruits	Guo Xin, a 41-year-old volunteer, receives the recombinant novel coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine inoculation in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on March 24, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] A phase I clinical trial for a recombinant novel coronavirus (2019-COV) vaccine ended recruitment for participants this week, with nearly 5,000 volunteers signing up for the trial, the Beijing News reported on Wednesday. The newspaper cited the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, saying volunteer recruitment ended by March 23 midnight. A single-center, open and dose-escalation phase I clinical trial for recombinant novel coronavirus vaccine (adenoviral vector) will be tested in healthy adults aged between 18 and 60 years, according to the ChiCTR. The trial, led by experts from the Academy of Military Medical Sciences, gained its approval on March 16 and the research is expected to last half a year. Requiring at least 108 participants, the trial will be conducted in Wuhan, capital of Hubei, the hardest-hit region in the country. Participants will experience 14-day quarantine restrictions after being vaccinated and their health condition will be recorded every day. Chinese scientists have been racing to develop COVID-19 vaccines through five approaches, namely inactivated vaccines, genetic engineering subunit vaccines, adenovirus vector vaccines, nucleic acid vaccines, and vaccines using attenuated influenza virus as vectors. So far, most teams are expected to complete preclinical research in April and some are moving forward faster, according to Wang Junzhi, an academician with the Chinese Academy of Engineering. Wang noted that research and development of COVID-19 vaccines in China was not slower than foreign counterparts and has been carried out in a scientific, standardized and orderly way. Xinhua contributed to this story.
WS5e7b1cf7a310128217281f60	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b1cf7a310128217281f60.html	2020-03-25	Worst coronavirus pandemic yet to come: Los Angeles mayor	Food trucks sit in a parking lot next to an empty school in Los Angeles after California issued a stay-at-home order due to COVID-19 in Los Angeles, California, US, March 23, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LOS ANGELES - Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti warned on Tuesday that the worst of the coronavirus pandemic was still to come and local residents should prepare for more loss of life. Garcetti noted at the daily press conference that the city could see a situation similar to the outbreak in New York City in the coming six to 12 days, saying, "The peak is not here yet. The peak will be bad. People will lose their lives." He urged people to follow the city's "Safer at Home" emergency order, which requires local residents to stay in their residences in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. "We're all safer at home, and that's not a suggestion. It is the law," said Garcetti, "refusing to follow it isn't brave or funny. It's stupid and could wind up killing you or someone else. " Garcetti also urged nonessential businesses to comply with orders to close, saying those businesses violating the rules would face misdemeanor penalties, citations, fines and the possibility of the city Department of Water and Power shutting off utility service. He shrugged off the idea that restrictions might be eased quickly, saying that local residents should be "prepared for a couple months like this." "I know we're all anxious to return to our routines, to see the people we love and visit the places that make this city home. But please take this health pandemic seriously, stay home and practice physical distancing. Every single choice you make could save a life or risk one," he tweeted. Meanwhile, according to California Governor Gavin Newsom, the hospital ship USNS Mercy is scheduled to arrive at the Port of Los Angeles this weekend to aid coronavirus response. The ship, carrying more than 800 Navy medical personnel and support staff, will serve as a "referral hospital" to treat non-COVID-19 patients.
WS5e7b0bb5a310128217281f1e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7b0bb5a310128217281f1e.html	2020-03-25	Beijing opens free psychological counseling hotlines for overseas Chinese on coronavirus-related stress	BEIJING -- Beijing has opened four free psychological counseling hotlines for overseas Chinese to help relieve emotional stress caused by the pandemic of novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The United Front Work Department of the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China has worked with four universities in Beijing to launch the hotline services, inviting more than 600 psychological counseling experts to participate. The hotlines have a total of 60 phone counseling seats. The department said the counseling experts are familiar with the epidemic prevention work in China, and many of them have the experience of studying and working abroad. They are able to provide psychological counseling and policy counseling for overseas Chinese in response to their questions on coronavirus prevention and control. Among the hotlines, Tsinghua University's psychological counseling hotline is (86) 400-680-6101, and experts can provide around-the-clock service. The overseas psychological counseling hotline of Beijing Normal University is (86) 010-86409146, and the service hours are from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Beijing time. Peking University's Overseas Psychological Counseling Hotline (86) 010-53466977 serves from 1:00 pm to 10:00 pm Beijing time. Capital Normal University operates a psychological counseling hotline for overseas children. The hotline (86) 400-900-5335 is available from 9:00 am to 9:00 pm Beijing time.
WS5e7aecd0a310128217281e5d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7aecd0a310128217281e5d.html	2020-03-25	US Congress, negotiators reach deal on $2-trillion coronavirus aid package	  People wearing face masks walk around Macy's store during the outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in New York City, New York, US, March 17, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - US senators and Trump administration officials have reached an agreement on a massive economic stimulus bill to alleviate the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak, the negotiators said on Wednesday. The Senate will vote on the $2-trillion package later in the day and the House of Representatives is expected to follow suit soon after. "This is a wartime level of investment into our nation," Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a speech announcing the pact after days of negotiations between Republican and Democratic lawmakers, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and other top aides to President Donald Trump. "We're going to pass this legislation later today," McConnell said. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer called the measure "the largest rescue package in American history," describing it as a "Marshall Plan" for hospitals and medical needs, in a reference to the U.S.-funded program that helped rebuild Europe after World War Two. "Help is on the way, big help and quick help," Schumer said. The text of the pact was not due to be available until later on Wednesday. McConnell said the package would rush checks to help Americans pay bills during job layoffs related to the outbreak, expand unemployment insurance and deliver emergency loans to small businesses. It would also "stabilize key national industries" and provide financial help for hospitals and healthcare providers struggling to get equipment for sick patients, he added. The stimulus package had been expected to boost the economy with a massive infusion of aid, including a $500 billion fund to help hard-hit industries with loans and a comparable amount for direct payments of up to $3,000 to millions of US families. Other provisions are expected to include $350 billion for small-business loans and $250 billion for expanded unemployment aid. Schumer said it also included $100 billion for hospitals and health systems, along with additional money for other health care needs. Another $150 billion would go to help state and local governments fight the outbreak. Schumer said Democrats won strict oversight rules for the hundreds of billions of dollars in loans on offer to U.S. industries. Reuters
WS5e7aeaf4a310128217281e56	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7aeaf4a310128217281e56.html	2020-03-25	Harvard president tests positive for coronavirus	  Students and pedestrians walk through the Yard at Harvard University, after the school asked its students not to return to campus after Spring Break and said it would move to virtual instruction for graduate and undergraduate classes, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, US, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON -- Harvard University President Lawrence Bacow said Tuesday that he and his wife, Adele Bacow, both tested positive for the coronavirus. "We started experiencing symptoms on Sunday -- first coughs then fevers, chills, and muscle aches -- and contacted our doctors on Monday," Bacow said in a statement to the Harvard community. "We were tested yesterday and just received the results a few minutes ago," he said. Bacow said he didn't know how they contracted the disease. "Far fewer people crossed our paths recently than is usually the case," he said. The couple both began working from home on March 14. They will take a 14-day self-isolation. "I am blessed with a great team, and many of my colleagues will be taking on more responsibility over the next few weeks as Adele and I focus on just getting healthy," he added. Earlier this month, Harvard asked students to move out of their dorms by March 15 to reduce the density of the community amid the coronavirus pandemic.
WS5e7aea7fa310128217281e4f	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7aea7fa310128217281e4f.html	2020-03-25	iFlytek uses AI to assist S. Korea's coronavirus fight	An iFlytek employee talks to a robot to demonstrate the company's intelligent voice recognition technology before a group of student visitors from Chinese and overseas universities in Hefei, capital of East China's Anhui province. [Photo/Xinhua] "Hi, this is from the health office. Can we kindly take a minute of your time to learn more about your health condition?" Starting from Tuesday, some residents in South Korea will receive such artificial intelligence-powered phone calls. It is part of an AI-powered calling system launched by Chinese artificial intelligence pioneer iFlytek and South Korean software company Hancom. The move is designed to help South Korea better track people who have close contacts with confirmed cases of coronavirus. It can also be used to keep track of the health situation of discharged patients, so as to reduce burden on front line medical workers amid the epidemic. The system, deployed in South Korea via the two companies' joint venture Accufly.AI, can automatically record the conversations, and save a lot of manpower and time, iFlytek said in a statement.
WS5e7acd97a310128217281dce	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7acd97a310128217281dce.html	2020-03-25	Shanghai Geneodx gets European approval for coronavirus tests	Researchers subpackage 2019-nCoV detection reagents at a company in Wuqing district, North China's Tianjin municipality, Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Shanghai Geneodx Biotechnology Co Ltd, a genomic sequencing subsidiary of China National Biotech Group Co Ltd under Sinopharm, announced it had acquired European Conformity approval of its self-developed 2019-nCoV nucleic acid detection kits, giving it the green light for offering assistance to the world in the fight against COVID-19. CE approval — a certification for diagnostic medical devices sold in Europe — entitles Geneodx's detection kits to be sold in the European market. The approval is regarded as a blessing for the world, as the crisis wrought by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic is finally ending in China, while its sweep continues unabated in other countries. Cheng Luxiang, vice-general manager of Geneodx, said sufficient supply of high-quality test kits is crucial to guarantee testing for the virus. In China's fight against the epidemic, Geneodx's test solution was widely used, offering a scientific basis for diagnoses of confirmed cases and discharges of recovered patients. The life science firm, which had accomplished nearly 1 million tests in the domestic market by Mar 23, is now eyeing the overseas market, where more assistance is needed. "As COVID-19 is evolving into a pandemic, we regard it as our responsibility to take the lead in aiding the world against the virus," he said. Wang Peijun, chairman of the committee of the radiology branch under the Shanghai Medical Association, said even though computerized tomography imaging offers valuable guidance for COVID-19 detection, the nucleic acid test is still a gold standard for confirmed cases, as CT image shadows could be caused by other lung diseases. "Nucleic acid detection and CT imaging play collaborative and complementary roles in identifying SARS-CoV-2," he said. On March 12, medical experts from CNBG joined a working group organized by the Red Cross Society of China and flew to Italy to help the country combat the epidemic. With CE approval of its detection kits, Sinopharm is expected to offer more assistance to the world in this fight, the company said.
WS5e7abe81a310128217281d13	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7abe81a310128217281d13.html	2020-03-25	Imported coronavirus cases continue to climb	Passengers undergo inspection at Beijing International Airport in Beijing on March 18, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China has been grappling with an imported virus outbreak as the number of imported cases of novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland remained on an overall upward trend, statistics from the National Health Commission show. A total of 47 new confirmed cases of coronavirus and four deaths were reported on Tuesday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two totals up to 81,218 and 3,281 respectively, the commission said on Wednesday morning. With all new cases coming from travelers from abroad, Shanghai accounted for 19 of the new imported cases and Beijing reported five, along with five in Guangdong province and four in Tianjin municipality and Fujian province, and two each in Jiangsu and Sichuan provinces and the Inner Mongolia autonomous region. The provinces of Jilin, Zhejiang, Shandong and Shaanxi each reported one imported infection on Tuesday. By the end of Tuesday, a total of 474 imported cases of novel coronavirus infection had been reported, the commission said. With another 33 new suspected cases reported Tuesday, a total of 134 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus. Also on Tuesday, 491 people were discharged from hospital after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 174 to 1,399. A total of 73,650 people had been discharged from hospital after recovery as of Tuesday at midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 693,223 people who had close contact with patients, adding among them, 1,215 were discharged from medical observation on Tuesday, with 13,356 others still under medical observation. By the end of Tuesday, 386 confirmed cases including four deaths had been reported in Hong Kong, 26 confirmed cases in Macao, and 216 in Taiwan, including two deaths. As of Tuesday, 102 patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 29 in Taiwan have been discharged from hospital after recovery. Hubei province, the hardest-hit region on the Chinese mainland, has reported zero cases but saw three new fatalities on Tuesday. The latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the hard-hit province to 67,801 and total deaths to 3,163. The province also saw 487 patients discharged from hospital after recovery on Tuesday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 60,810, with zero suspected cases as of Tuesday at midnight.
WS5e7ab88fa310128217281c9f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7ab88fa310128217281c9f.html	2020-03-25	Messi, Guardiola donate one million euros each to coronavirus battle	  Barcelona's Lionel Messi celebrates scoring their first goal during the match against Real Sociedad in Barcelona, Spain, on March 7, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Barcelona forward Lionel Messi and Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola have each donated one million euros ($1.08 million) towards the fight against coronavirus. Argentina international Messi's donation will be split between Hospital Clinic in Barcelona and another medical centre in his home country, according to a report in Marca. "Leo Messi made a donation to the clinic to fight the coronavirus," Hospital Clinic wrote on Twitter. "Thank you very much, Leo, for your commitment and your support." Former Barcelona player and manager Guardiola made his contribution to a campaign launched by the Angel Soler Daniel Foundation and Medical College of Barcelona. Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola applauds the fans after the match against Manchester United in Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain, on March 8, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] "Pep Guardiola has made a donation of one million euros to the Angel Soler Daniel Foundation for the acquisition and supply of health equipment to deal with the Covid-19 pandemic," said a statement from the College. "The donation campaign promoted by the Medical College of Barcelona and managed through the Angel Soler Daniel Foundation aims to collect medical materials and financial contributions from collegiate doctors and the general population, for the purchase of medical equipment and equipment that is currently lacking in health centres in Catalonia. "It will also help finance the alternative production, through 3D printing and other methods, of respirators and personal protection equipment for healthcare staff." Before Guardiola made his donation, the campaign had raised 33,000 euros in three days. Spain is the country worst affected by the disease in Europe outside of Italy, with 2,696 deaths and almost 40,000 positive cases. The region of Catalonia, where Guardiola is from and where Messi has lived since joining Barca aged 13, is one of the worst-affected parts of the country. Reuters
WS5e7ab605a310128217281c66	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7ab605a310128217281c66.html	2020-03-25	Trump’s language to hurt, not help, the fight against coronavirus	US President Donald Trump addresses his administration's daily coronavirus task force briefing at the White House in Washington, March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] US President Donald Trump, his Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Republican officials have described the novel coronavirus as the “Chinese virus” and “Wuhan virus” in their public statements outraging the collective conscience of Chinese. Many have warned that Trump and Republicans’ stigmatization would undermine international solidarity in containing the pandemic and could lead to increased discrimination and racism toward Asian Americans. Trump’s language regarding the virus has been called “reckless and irresponsible”, “blatant racism”, “outrageous treatment” and “offensive and racist” that would spark xenophobia against Chinese people. Criticizing the use of stigmatizing language which associates the coronavirus pandemic with ethnic Chinese people, Mike Ryan, head of the World Health Organization’s health emergency programs, is cited as saying, “Viruses know no borders, and they don’t care about your ethnicity, the color of your skin, or how much money you have in the bank.” In the first weeks of Trump’s presidency, his friends believed he was not “acting presidential” or “restraining his behavior”, wrote Michael Wolff in his book “Fire and Fury”. Having no political background, Trump is inconsiderate of what he says. Although it is believed that his branding the virus as “Chinese virus” reflects his own personal view and not of the Americans as some US officials and grassroots have severely criticized this term, it is unbecoming of a president. Meanwhile, a number of American companies have donated to China’s fight against the virus more than any other global multinational companies, reported Chinese media. With the emergence of the coronavirus outbreak, hate crimes and anti-Asian sentiments have been reported in major cities with Chinese communities. Before cities began shutting down all restaurants to prevent the spread of the virus, the Chinese were already experiencing serious declines in business in the wake of racial stigma as people emptied Chinatown restaurants. The Chinese have been treated with discrimination since Wuhan first reported the outbreak. The hate crime and discriminatory acts have continued against Asians. Jonathan Mok, a 23-year-old from Singapore, was reportedly attacked while walking down Oxford Street in central London on February 24 and the attackers, while punching and kicking him, said they did not want his coronavirus in their country. Such racially motivated crime and several accounts of racism and xenophobia have been reported and documented on social media since the outbreak. A number of Chinese students and employees are also experiencing harassment and discrimination in some parts of the world. The exponential spread of the virus around the world suggests that global society is too interwoven to be not be affected by the events happening in other parts of the world. All members of the human family live in the global village and share a common destiny. The outbreak of a disease imperils the life of all, the economic crisis hurts prosperity everywhere, and the danger of nuclear attacks put all nations at stake. To put it into the words of Chinese President Xi Jinping, “Everyone has in himself a little bit of others”. Therefore, Chinese officials reiterate that “only my backyard” mindset would prove harmful to the entire human society. As of now, one will deeply feel and understand the idea of “global village” as well as “a community with shared future for mankind”. It is time for human societies to support each other and to safeguard the life of individuals regardless of their caste, color, or creed. It is time one has to practice upon the principle of “nondiscrimination” and the “golden rule” (Do unto others as you would have them do unto you). It is self-explanatory that the outbreak is not the fault of Chinese people. Chinese people are the main victims of the virus and US officials should not add insult to their injury. Thus, the speaker of the US House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, believed that Trump’s rhetoric was racist. Since insidious disinformation and panic can spread far more quickly and widely than the virus itself, all are recommended to speak logically and avoid sparking sentiments. Racializing or politicizing the virus at the current sensitive time will be counterproductive. The author is a writer for Daily Outlook, an independent newspaper in Afghanistan.  The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e7a80eaa310128217281b1c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/25/WS5e7a80eaa310128217281b1c.html	2020-03-25	NYC now epicenter of US coronavirus outbreak	"Where we are today, you will be in four weeks or five weeks or six weeks. We are your future," Governor Andrew Cuomo said in a briefing at the Jacob Javits Center in Manhattan on Tuesday. He criticized the federal government's response as insufficient.
WS5e79ed5aa310128217281acc	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79ed5aa310128217281acc.html	2020-03-24	WHO sees potential of US becoming new coronavirus epicentre	A woman waits to enter a tent erected to test for the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) at the Brooklyn Hospital Center in Brooklyn, New York City, US, March 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] GENEVA - The World Health Organization said on Tuesday it was seeing a "very large acceleration" in coronavirus infections in the United States which had the potential of becoming the new epicentre. Asked whether the United States could become the new epicentre, WHO spokeswoman Margaret Harris told reporters: "We are now seeing a very large acceleration in cases in the US So it does have that potential." Reuters
WS5e79e061a310128217281ac3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79e061a310128217281ac3.html	2020-03-24	85% of coronavirus cases reported over the past 24 hours in EU and US: WHO	WHO spokeswomen says 85% of coronavirus cases reported over the past 24 hours in Europe and United States.  Reuters  
WS5e79cfeca310128217281a9e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79cfeca310128217281a9e.html	2020-03-24	Autopsies reveal much about novel coronavirus	Medical staff work in the isolation ward at Wuhan No.1 Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo/Xinhua] Researchers have conducted autopsies on 29 patients who died from the novel coronavirus so far, and the work will continue to help doctors come up with more specific treatment plans, a medical expert said on Tuesday. The autopsy found that novel coronavirus first attacks patients' lungs, as shown clinically, said Wang Guiqiang, head of the Department of Infectious Diseases at Peking University First Hospital, during a news conference in Beijing. The autopsies have shown large infiltration of inflammatory cytokines, blood clots, necrotic tissue and bleeding in the lungs, he said. Another important finding is the patients also have a large amount of discharge blocking their bronchus, thus preventing them from getting enough oxygen, he said. Therefore, it is very important to keep the airway open by using sputum suction and nebulization, he said. Moreover, patients' immune systems have also been damaged, with a significant drop in immune cells, which could be an important factor for their death, he said. The decrease of immunity also increased the possibility of bacteria and fungal infections, and patients in critical condition often suffer multiple infections, Wang said. There was also damage to other organs including the heart, liver and kidneys, so it is also important to support critical organs to prevent failure, he added. "The autopsies have given much guidance for clinical treatment and we look forward to more pathology analysis from autopsy to help us come up with more reasonable and specific treatment."
WS5e79ca7ea310128217281a69	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79ca7ea310128217281a69.html	2020-03-24	Ruby Princess passenger registers as Australia's 8th coronavirus death	A general view of empty Pyrmont Bridge over Darling Harbour as New South Wales began shutting down non-essential businesses and moving toward harsh penalties to enforce self-isolation as the spread of COVID-19 reached a "critical stage" in Sydney, Australia, March 24, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SYDNEY - A female passenger in her 70s from the Ruby Princess cruise ship passed away after infection with COVID-19, health authorities confirmed on Tuesday, taking the total deaths in Australia to eight. New South Wales (NSW) Health said in a media release that the women, who was transported directly to the hospital from the Ruby Princess docked in Sydney last week, passed away on Tuesday morning. There have been 133 diagnosed cases of COVID-19 on the ship, with 107 cases diagnosed in NSW and 26 cases interstate. The total number of infections in Australia increased to at least 1895, with 818 in the worst affected state of NSW. NSW reported 149 new COVID-19 cases in 24 hours until 8 p.m. on Monday, which is the highest one-day jump. Among the new cases were two teachers at Normanhurst West Public School, which was closed on Tuesday. Three more people have tested positive to COVID-19 at Dorothy Henderson Lodge, where 11 residents and 5 staff have already been infected so far. NSW health said, there are currently 12 people in the Intensive Care Units and eight of them require ventilators at this stage. NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian said the state is at a "critical state" in relation to the virus and vowed to ramp up compliance measures to ensure people stay in self-isolation if they were told so. "We're making sure that people are followed up. If they're supposed to be in self-isolation and they're not, there are harsh penalties and we'll enforce that," she said. "The quicker we stop the spread, the more handle, the more control we'll have over this virus." Anyone refusing to comply with self-isolation orders in NSW can be hit with fines or six-month prison. Meanwhile, COVID-19 cases climbed to 411 in Victoria, with 64 new cases confirmed Tuesday. Victorian Premier Premier Daniel Andrews said the numbers would continue to increase unless people "work hard to keep their distance, to clean their hands, to cough into the crook of their arm, and to not go out." "This is not to be ignored. It's a really, really significant issue," he said.
WS5e79b926a3101282172819f7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79b926a3101282172819f7.html	2020-03-24	Jiaxing-developed novel coronavirus test kits certified by EU	None
WS5e79ac4aa31012821728198b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79ac4aa31012821728198b.html	2020-03-24	Will coronavirus infection harm Wu's career?	  Espanyol's Lei Wu during the warm up before the match in Barcelona, Spain, on March 1, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] It shocked everyone back home when the Chinese Football Association confirmed Wu Lei had tested positive for novel coronavirus. And the main question on people's mind is if the star striker's career will be harmed? However, Chinese experts so far are confident about the Espanyol forward's condition. "In terms of the sequela, if Wu Lei only shows mild symptoms until he's fully recovered, the infection will not cause significant harm to his body and his professional career will not be influenced," said Jiang Weiping, an experts on respiratory disease of Huadong Hospital. "Whether Wu should return to China for treatment, it depends on his condition. With mild symptoms, the best choice is to stay where he is and have good rest. Considering Wu's physical condition, the best estimate is he could recover in one or two weeks." Speaking of why the number of infected athletes is growing across the world, Jiang said the decrease of immunity and close interaction with people were the main reasons. "Soccer is a very intensive sport that could lower player's immunity when they reach their physical limits,'" the expert added. "Also Wu would interact with lots of people on and off the pitch, which would significantly increase the chance of being infected." With only mild symptoms, Wu remains quarantined at home with his family in Spain. On Saturday, Wu reassured his fans he was fine in a video posted on Weibo. "I'm in great condition now and all the symptoms are basically gone," said Wu. "I have run a series of tests on my lungs, including a CT scan, and the result turned out to be good. I really want to thank you all for your support and blessings. "We still haven't completely beaten the virus. Keep washing your hands and stay indoors. I believe we can win the battle against the coronavirus eventually. And I can't wait to return to the pitch." Sports reporter Hu Minjuan revealed more details of Wu's self-quarantine life on her personal social media post saying: "According to Espanyol insiders, now only 'well-protected' doctors with full gears could enter Wu's home. And Wu has been required to not leave his home." Hu also wrote that Wu's not alone at home as his wife has been taking care of him. It's not clear if Wu's wife has also been infected. Despite Wu's now showing no symptoms, his children have been taken away by Wu's parents living in another place in Barcelona as a precaution. "Our biggest hope now is Wu and his family could stay safe and been through this big challenge together," said Lyu Wenjun, Wu's old teammate in Shanghai SIPG. "The SIPG and all the fans community will always support him."
37534612	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/powerchina/2020-03/24/content_37534612.htm	2020-03-24	POWERCHINA joins fight against coronavirus epidemic	Since the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak, POWERCHINA International Group, a subsidiary of POWERCHINA, has helped waged war on the epidemic, according to a company spokesman. He said it had tapped into its extensive global supply network to buy medical materials for the front line of the epidemic prevention and control in Central China's Hubei province, highlighting its responsibilities as a State-owned enterprise. A negative pressure monitoring ambulance is donated by POWERCHINA International Group. [Photo/POWERCHINA] On Feb 17, the first batch of 86,000 medical masks from Russia's capital Moscow arrived in Beijing and are being sent to Hubei after customs clearance. Elsewhere, 15,000 sets of medical protective clothing purchased in the Democratic Republic of the Congo also successfully arrived in Beijing on Feb 21 and will be sent to Wuhan in a few days. Zhou Xiaoguo, an employee of the representative office in Angola, snapped up a box of 2,000 medical surgical masks at his own expense, transferring them back to China to donate to the company, paying a freight charge that was nearly three times the price tag of the masks. "We always remember our home in China. We are all well abroad and we hope to help our colleagues in China," Zhou said. After learning the urgent need of ambulances in Hubei, the company immediately contacted domestic and foreign auto manufacturers through multiple channels. It quickly signed and transported three new high-end negative pressure monitoring ambulances, donating them to three hospitals in Hubei. During the global procurement of anti-epidemic materials, the company leaders such as chairman Ding Zhengguo and general manager Ji Xiaoyong repeatedly stressed the paramount concern for the safety of the company's employees and their families. Medical supplies await delivery by POWERCHINA International Group. [Photo/POWERCHINA] In view of the practical difficulties of buying masks, the company made every effort to coordinate medical supplies to ensure the safety and health of each employee. While guaranteeing the basic needs of the company's resumption work, it also donated masks to other subsidiaries of POWERCHINA in Wuhan. At present, the first 5,000 masks have arrived in Wuhan. To date, POWERCHINA International Group has collected and bought three negative pressure ambulances, 86,000 medical masks, 25,686 sets of medical protective clothing, 5,908 sets of surgical gowns, as well as more than 1,000 sets of goggles, gloves and shoe covers. Various overseas agencies have also donated through their local embassy and local Chinese-funded business associations. The company spokesman said these materials and donations will quickly be transported to Hubei to support epidemic prevention and control work, and contribute to the victory of the fight against the epidemic. POWERCHINA International Group donates medical supplies to Hubei, for the epidemic prevention and control. [Photo/POWERCHINA]
WS5e79770ea3101282172818b7	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79770ea3101282172818b7.html	2020-03-24	China to train Libyan doctors amid global coronavirus spread	  A man wears a protective mask, as part of precautionary measures against coronavirus disease, as he signs a paper in a bank in Misrata, Libya, March 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TRIPOLI -- The Health Ministry of Libya's UN-backed government said Monday that China has offered to train Libyan doctors to tackle any possible coronavirus infections. "The Ministry of Health of the Government of National Accord, through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has received an offer by its counterpart in China to hold an international training program to introduce experts in Libya to the protocols used by China in diagnosing and treating cases of the novel coronavirus," the Health Ministry said in a statement. "The training program, which will be conducted using distance training techniques, offers introduction of the methods adopted by China in dealing with the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, along with ways to deal with the obstruction of the respiratory passages (of patients) during the infection stage," said the statement. A team of Chinese experts who have taken part in the epidemic fight in China will run the training program, which will also provide an introduction to acute cases, it said. Libya's UN-backed Prime Minister Fayez Serraj last week declared a state of emergency and mobilization against possible coronavirus infections in the country. Noting no infections have been detected in Libya, Serraj said his country has allocated half a billion dinars ($360 million) to take protective measures against any possible infections. On Monday, Libyan Foreign Minister Mohamed Siala told a press conference here that Libya has officially requested technical help from China against the virus.
WS5e79753fa3101282172818a3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e79753fa3101282172818a3.html	2020-03-24	US first lady tests negative for coronavirus: Trump	  US first lady Melania Trump. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - US first lady Melania Trump has tested for the coronavirus and the result is negative, President Donald Trump told reporters Monday at the White House. "She's fine," Trump said when asked at a news briefing about the first lady's condition. "Negative, yes." This is the first time Trump has confirmed that his wife is uninfected with the disease. He himself also tested negative for the virus. "The first lady was tested on the same night as President Trump was tested, out of an abundance of caution. The test was negative," CNN quoted White House press secretary Stephanie Grisham as saying. Trump underwent the test on March 13. Those also having tested for the virus are first daughter Ivanka Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and his wife Karen Pence, and the results are all negative. The Trumps and Pences took the tests following their exposure to foreign officials who tested positive.
WS5e796e9fa310128217281817	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e796e9fa310128217281817.html	2020-03-24	Iran's COVID-19 death toll rises to 1,812; More Mideastern countries impose curfew to curb coronavirus spread	  An Iranian woman wears a protective face mask, amid fear of COVID-19, as she shops at Tajrish Bazar, ahead of the Iranian New Year Nowruz, March 20, in Tehran, Iran March 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] CAIRO - Iran's death toll from COVID-19 climbed to 1,812 on Monday, after 127 new deaths were reported. Meanwhile, more countries in the Middle East decided to impose curfew to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. The total number of COVID-19 infections in Iran, the worst-hit country in the region, climbed to 23,049, up by 1,411 from a day ago. A total of 8,376 of the infected have recovered. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif blasted the U.S. for obstructing the fight against novel coronavirus outbreak by maintaining anti-Iran sanctions, while urging countries across the world to defy the U.S. sanctions. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani dismissed the U.S. offer for help to Iran to fight the coronavirus outbreak as "one of the biggest lies in history." Turkish Health Minister Fahrettin Koca tweeted late Monday that the death toll from COVID-19 in Turkey rose to 37, after seven new deaths were added. A total of 293 new cases were reported, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 1,529, making Turkey the second hardest-hit country in the Middle East, after Iran. In Israel, 371 people were tested positive for the novel coronavirus on Monday, in the biggest single-day rise. It brought the total number of confirmed cases in Israel to 1,442. In Riyadh, Saudi Arabian King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ordered the Interior Ministry to impose a curfew (from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m.) for 21 days in order to stem the COVID-19 spread. The order exempts the employees of vital occupations in public and private sectors whose work and services are required during the curfew. In Khartoum, the Sudanese government also declared a curfew (from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m.) in all cities to prevent the coronavirus spread. The bus services between the states will be suspended as of Thursday. In Algiers, Algerian President Abdelmadjid Tebboune ordered the deployment of troops in the capital Algiers and its adjacent province of Blida in a bid to impose a curfew and force citizens to stay home. At a meeting of the High Security Council held at the President Office, a 10-day home lockdown was also ordered in the province of Blida for 10 days. Blida has registered eight deaths out of a total number of 125 COVID-19 cases. Tunisian President Kais Saied also decided to deploy the army on the streets to implement the general confinement and the curfew (from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m.) to prevent the coronavirus spread. Tunisia reported 14 new cases on Monday, bringing the total number of confirmed COVID-19 cases to 89. In Beirut, following a government order, security forces were deployed all over Lebanon to control the movement of people. Lebanon reported 11 new COVID-19 cases, raising the total number of infections to 267. One soldier of the United Nations Interim Forces in Lebanon (UNIFIL), who returned to Lebanon from a vacation on March 15, was tested positive for COVID-19, said UNIFIL spokesperson Andrea Tenenti. The United Arab Emirates announced 45 new COVID-19 infections, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 198. Egypt's Health Ministry reported five more COVID-19 deaths, including one Indian national and four Egyptians, bringing the death toll to 19. The total number of infections in Egypt rose to 366, after 39 new cases were confirmed in the day. Egypt's Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities started sanitizing museums and tourist sites nationwide over coronavirus concerns. Iraqi Health Ministry confirmed three more deaths from COVID-19 and 33 new cases, bringing the total number of the infected to 266. Oman registered 11 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 66. Nine new COVID-19 cases were reported in Morocco, where the total number of infections increased to 143. In Ankara, Turkish Health Minister Fahrettin Koca said some 50,000 test kits from China arrived in Turkey on Monday to help fight COVID-19. A special drug that could shorten the treatment period was also brought from China. The China Peaceful Unification Association based in Turkey delivered 10,000 surgical filter masks to the Maltepe district municipality in Istanbul during a ceremony on Monday. In Libya, which has not reported any COVID-19 cases so far, the eastern-based government decided to impose a 10-day 24-hour curfew as precaution, starting from Wednesday. In Yemen, another country that has not reported any COVID-19 cases, the World Health Organization on Monday airlifted test kits and personal protective items for health workers in the war-ravaged country.
WS5e795942a3101282172816b4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e795942a3101282172816b4.html	2020-03-24	Spanish opera singer Placido Domingo tests positive for coronavirus	  FILE PHOTO: Opera singer Placido Domingo performs during a dress rehearsal the day before the traditional Opera Ball in Vienna, Austria, February 3, 2016.[Photo/Agencies] MADRID - Spanish opera singer Placido Domingo said on Sunday he had tested positive for coronavirus and had gone into self isolation with his family. "We are currently all in good health but I developed a cough and a fever and decided to get tested, and the result came back positive," Domingo wrote on Facebook. Spain is struggling to contain Europe's second worst outbreak of the coronavirus after Italy, with over 28,000 cases and more than 1,700 deaths, according to the Health Ministry. Previously one of the opera world's most feted artists, Domingo's reputation is now in tatters after an investigation by the American Guild of Musical Artists concluded he had behaved inappropriately with female performers. The singer has publicly apologised to the women who accused him of sexual harassment. REUTERS
WS5e794b6fa31012821728164b	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e794b6fa31012821728164b.html	2020-03-24	South Africa announces nationwide lockdown over coronavirus spike	A fan wears a face mask during a Super Rugby match between the Sharks and the Stormers as it was announced that Super Rugby will be put on hold after this weekend's matches over the coronavirus outbreak in Durban, South Africa, March 14, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] A week after South Africa declared the coronavirus pandemic a national disaster, the country on Monday announced a 21-day nationwide lockdown as the number of confirmed cases surged from 274 as of Sunday to 402 on Monday. The shutdown to be effected from March 26 at midnight, was enforced by the National Coronavirus Command Council as fears loom that the number may increase further. Making the announcement on Monday, Cyril Ramaphosa, the president of South Africa, said the lockdown is a decisive measure to save millions of South Africans from infection and save the lives of hundreds of thousands of people. "While this measure will have a considerable impact on people's livelihoods, on the life of our society and on our economy, the human cost of delaying this action would be far greater," he said. The nationwide lockdown will be enacted in terms of the Disaster Management Act and all the South Africans will not be allowed to leave their homes except under strictly controlled circumstances, such as to seek medical care, buy food, medicine and other supplies or collect a social grant. The move will only exempt health workers in the public and private sectors, emergency personnel, those in security services such as the police, traffic officers, military medical personnel, soldiers, and other persons necessary for response to the pandemic. It will also include those involved in the production, distribution and supply of food and basic goods, essential banking services, the maintenance of power, water and telecommunications services, laboratory services, and the provision of medical and hygiene products. All shops and businesses will be closed, except pharmacies, laboratories, banks, essential financial and payment services, including the JSE, supermarkets, petrol stations and healthcare providers. "I have accordingly directed the South African National Defense Force be deployed to support the South African Police Service in ensuring that the measures we are announcing are implemented," Ramaphosa said. The president expressed concerns that a rapid rise in infections will stretch their health services beyond what they can manage and many people will not be able to access the care they need. "It is clear from the development of the disease in other countries and from our own modelling that immediate, swift and extraordinary action is required if we are to prevent a human catastrophe of enormous proportions in our country," he said "We must therefore do everything within our means to reduce the overall number of infections and to delay the spread of infection over a longer period, known as flattening the curve of infections." Ramaphosa said the next few days will be crucial as analysis of the progress of the epidemic indicates need for urgent and dramatic escalation of the response. "Without decisive action, the number of people infected will rapidly increase from a few hundred to tens of thousands, and within a few weeks to hundreds of thousands. This is extremely dangerous for a population like ours, with a large number of people with suppressed immunity because of HIV, TB, and high levels of poverty and malnutrition," he said. The nationwide lockdown will be accompanied by a public health management program which will significantly increase screening, testing, contact tracing and medical management. To ensure that hospitals are not overwhelmed, a system will be put in place for 'centralized patient management' for severe cases and 'decentralized primary care' for mild cases. South African citizens and residents arriving from high-risk countries will automatically be placed under quarantine for 14 days, while non-South Africans arriving on flights from Italy, Iran, South Korea, Spain, Germany, the United States, the United Kingdom, and China, will be turned back. Noting that South Africa is not only facing the global epidemic but also the prospects of a deep economic recession that will cause businesses to close and many people to lose their jobs, Ramaphosa said the government is putting in place measures to mitigate the economic impact both of the disease and its economic response. Toward that end, he said a Solidarity Fund has been set up, which South African businesses, organizations and individuals, and members of the international community can contribute to. The Fund will help to combat the spread of the virus, track the spread, care for those who are ill and support those whose lives are disrupted.
WS5e794471a31012821728162d	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/24/WS5e794471a31012821728162d.html	2020-03-24	Italy registers 63,927 coronavirus cases, day-to-day slowdown of deaths	A staff member wearing a face mask works in La Norcineria di Iacozzilli, a butcher shop in Rome, Italy, March 19, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] ROME - A total of 63,927 coronavirus cases have been assessed in Italy since the pandemic broke out in its northern regions on Feb 21, the Civil Protection Department managing the COVID-19 emergency said on Monday. The number of total infections grew by 4,789, or 8 percent from 59,138 cases recorded on Sunday. Further 601 fatalities were also registered on Monday, with the death toll reaching 6,077. The daily fatality figure dropped from Sunday's 651 and Saturday's 793. Although still upward, the figures showed the daily rise in both the number of people testing positive and the number of deaths has been less marked for the second day in a row, Civil Protection Chief Angelo Borrelli told a press conference late Monday afternoon. Health authorities, however, warned that it was still too early to confirm a decreasing trend in the ongoing pandemic.   "The more we have consecutive (downward) measurements, the more confident we can be," Silvio Brusaferro, president of Italy's National Health Institute (ISS), said at the press conference alongside Borrelli. "I am looking carefully and favorably at such numbers, but I do not want yet to commit myself to saying whether this is a trend or not," he stressed, adding that this week would be crucial for evaluating the trends. People line up in the rain outside a supermarket after the Italian island of Sicily closed them on Sunday, as it tightens measures to try and contain the spread of coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Catania, Italy March 23, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] As in the previous days, the ISS chief also warned that a crucial goal for national authorities and the health system remain to be avoiding the dynamics of strong circulation of the virus seen in the northern regions "reproduced in the South." Still on daily data, Borrelli said recoveries also kept increasing, with 408 more people added, bringing the total to 7,432. "Of the 50,418 people who are positive, some 26,522 are currently under home isolation -- being asymptomatic or with light symptoms -- another 3,204 are in intensive care, and all the other hospitalized in ordinary wards," he specified. Considering all statistics, the total number of assessed cases Italy reached 63,927. Borrelli also said that Italy was benefitting from the solidarity of several countries in its fight against the COVID-19, and especially thanked "the Russian Federation, the People's Republic of China, France, and Germany, all of which have provided us with additional staff and means against the epidemic." Among countries that have sent medical materials and experts were also Cuba and Venezuela. The most affected regions remained northern Lombardy (18,910 positive cases), Emilia Romagna (7,220), Veneto (4,986), and Piedmont (4,529), plus central Marche (2,358) and Tuscany (2,301), data showed. Lombardy's regional authorities also reported slight positive signals on Monday, yet sounding cautious as well. "We count 28,761 positive people today, with a daily increase of 1,555 cases, while the previous daily rise in infections was of 1,691," Lombardy's Welfare Councillor Giulio Gallera told a press conference broadcast live on social media and TV networks from Milan. "Another beautiful signal concerns the number of COVID-19 patients hospitalized (in ordinary wards), which is now 9,266, against 9,439 in the previous day ... it is the first time," Gallera stressed. Echoing the warning from Brusaferro, Gallera said it was still too early to claim the pandemic was really slowing down, and he strongly appealed to people to keep respecting all restrictions implemented since a national lockdown went into effect on March 10. In related daily news, Health Minister Roberto Speranza said the Italian Medicines Agency (AIFA) approved the testing of the antiviral drug known as Avigan against the COVID-19, local media reported. "The agency's Secretary General told me that -- following a first analysis of available data on Avigan, the (AIFA) technical-scientific committee is developing a testing and research program to assess the impact of the drug in the initial phases of the disease," Ansa news agency quoted the minister as saying.
WS5e789a72a310128217281580	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e789a72a310128217281580.html	2020-03-23	China-Portugal share coronavirus knowledge	In a teleconference on Friday, experts from Shenyang, Liaoning province, and Braga, Portugal, share their experience on the epidemic. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Officials and experts from Shenyang, Liaoning province, and Braga, Portugal, held an in-depth experience-sharing teleconference on Friday regarding control of the coronavirus. Shenyang organized officials and experts from various departments, including its health commission, Center for Disease Control and Prevention, foreign affairs office and bureau of commerce after receiving a request from Ricardo Rio, mayor of Braga on Thursday. They shared their experience in purchasing medical supplies and protective equipment, implementing isolation measures for patients with mild symptoms, medical treatment and health protection. Li Songlin, deputy mayor of Shenyang presides over the teleconference. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] "The infectious virus is now spreading all across Portugal, and in particular in Portugal's northern region, where is Braga is located," Rio said in a letter to Jiang Youwei, mayor of Shenyang. "We are now in lockdown, and only essential services are working. We are facing an unprecedented humanitarian and health crisis." He added: "China demonstrated strong leadership in this crisis, and the way your country is resolving this pandemic is an example to the world, and particularly to us in Portugal. Based on the friendly relations between Braga and Shenyang, I would ask for your help." Li Songlin, deputy mayor of Shenyang shares experience during the teleconference on Friday. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Rio hopes to open a channel between the team leading the fight against the COVID-19 pneumonia in Shenyang and the medical team in Braga, so they can from Shenyang's experience in managing the crisis. He also wanted to buy protective equipment and ventilators from companies in Shenyang as soon as possible. "Despite the shortage of protective equipment in Shenyang, we will donate 10,000 masks and 500 protective suits to Braga," Jiang said in his letter of reply. "We are willing to provide all the support and assistance we can for your city."
WS5e788542a310128217281561	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e788542a310128217281561.html	2020-03-23	Saudi Arabia to impose curfew to curb coronavirus spread	A view of an empty Al-Rajhi Mosque, as Friday prayers were suspended following the spread of the COVID-19, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] RIYADH - Saudi Arabia will start a curfew from Monday evening to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ordered the curfew from 7 pm to 6 am for 21 days, the Saudi Press Agency reported. He assigned the Ministry of Interior to take the necessary measures to implement the curfew. The order exempts employees of vital occupations of the public and private sectors whose work requires continued performance during the curfew period. The decision was taken after Saudi Arabia confirmed 119 new coronavirus cases on Sunday, bringing the total number of infected cases to 511, the Health Ministry said in its official Twitter account. The Saudi king also ordered concerned authorities to urge citizens to stay at home during the coming period as public health has become one of the most important duties in the country.
WS5e7884d6a31012821728155f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e7884d6a31012821728155f.html	2020-03-23	China's Zhejiang further lowers coronavirus response	Customers go shopping as malls gradually reopen in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province on March 22, 2020. [Photo/Sipa] HANGZHOU - East China's Zhejiang province, one of the hard-hit regions by the COVID-19 epidemic, further downgraded its emergency response to the novel coronavirus outbreak. Starting from Monday, Zhejiang lowered its emergency response from the second level to the third level, according to the provincial government. Previously, the province downgraded its emergency response from the top level to the second level on March 2. As of Sunday, Zhengjiang has not reported any domestically-transmitted new cases for 30 consecutive days.
WS5e787d28a310128217281539	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e787d28a310128217281539.html	2020-03-23	Stigmatization of China over coronavirus must be stopped	  US President Donald Trump addresses his administration's daily coronavirus task force briefing at the White House in Washington, March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The exacerbating COVID-19 pandemic around the world calls for joint efforts from global countries.   However, some US politicians are showing ill mentalities and intentionally associating the pandemic with China, stigmatizing the country by calling the pandemic "Wuhan pneumonia" and "Chinese virus." Such practice is extremely irresponsible and immoral, which will not only do nothing good to the epidemic control in the US, but also seriously impede international solidarity in the battle against the virus. China firmly opposes and condemns such smears, and urges the US to correct its mistakes and stop the groundless accusation against China.   Viruses are a common challenge faced by the entire human race. To associate a virus with specific countries goes against the principles of international organizations. The World Health Organization (WHO) reiterated that the origin of the novel coronavirus has not been confirmed yet, and the world needs to focus on how to curb the virus and avoid stigmatization.   By naming the disease as COVID-19, the WHO hopes to not associate the term with any region or country, and the names of certain contagious diseases had once led to stigmatization and other unfavorable results. The Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) emerged in some Middle East countries in 2012 triggered broad controversy because it was named after the region. Base on such experiences and lessons, the WHO and other institutions proposed in 2015 a guiding principle on naming newly discovered contagious diseases, advocating to name them with neutral and general terms.   However, such principle is neglected by some US politicians who only spread stigmatization and create panic, which just reveals the dark side of their mind.   The origin of the virus is a scientific issue, and to discover it calls for scientific and professional researches. Now relevant tracing work is still underway, and no conclusion has been reached yet on the origin of the virus.   "I think it's also important in terms of looking at the emergence of any disease; disease can emerge anywhere. Coronaviruses are a global phenomenon; they exist on a global basis," said Michael Ryan, Executive Director of WHO Health Emergencies Programme at a press conference. "It's really important that we don't start to ascribe blame to geographic origin and that we look at this in terms of how we respond, how we contain and how we stop this virus."   Daniel Lucey, an adjunct Professor of Medicine-Infectious Diseases at Georgetown University Medical Center noted that first human infections must have occurred in November 2019—if not earlier—because there is an incubation time between infection and symptoms surfacing.   However, the US politicians have already started the blame game and smearing, and are preventing fact-based discussion, when the origin of the virus is not confirmed yet. What do they want?   The world must use science to conquer stupidity and conduct cooperation to eliminate prejudices, especially when global public health security is facing severe challenges. "This is a time for prudence, not panic. Science, not stigma. Facts, not fear," counselled UN chief António Guterres.   However, certain US politicians are totally brainless and unscrupulous. They don't care about facts, and what they do is just repeating the ridiculous prejudices that have long taken roots in their mind.   Even after Robert Redfield, the director of the American Centers for Disease Control and Prevention admitted some Americans who seemingly died from influenza were tested positive for the novel coronavirus in the posthumous diagnosis, and agreed it was "absolutely wrong" to label the COVID-19 as the "China Virus", the US politicians are still covering the facts and smearing China in almost a crazy way.   The pandemic is a test for countries' governance capability, and also reflects their performance in international cooperation. The preoccupied problems of the U.S. in politics and health care have been exposed, and the country must face up to them and fill the shortages to safeguard the health of its people.   And yes, the American public are disappointed. Stephen Morrison, senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and director of its Global Health Policy Center recently questioned the US government: "The Chinese bought us a month of time to prepare ourselves by imposing these astonishing and draconian measures. Unfortunately, we didn't make good use of that time and now we're heading into a very dangerous situation."   The Chinese government has always shared information with the US Chinese experts shared therapeutic plans with their American peers, and Chinese enterprises are also trying to help the U.S. to fight the virus.   However, these still failed to stop the US politicians from attacking and smearing China, as it is a way for them to divert public anger. They are returning evil for good and undermining the international cooperation on combating the pandemic, which is totally irresponsible for people's health.   The virus is still rampant, and the American politicians are advised to blame and smear less, focus on the business of their own country, and play a constructive role in safeguarding global public health security.   (Zhong Sheng is a pen name often used by People's Daily to express its views on foreign policy.)  
WS5e787d27a310128217281536	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e787d27a310128217281536.html	2020-03-23	Global conflicts expose the vulnerable to coronavirus	A woman wearing a mask walks in Tajrish bazaar in Tehran, Iran, March 2, 2020. /Xinhua COVID-19 has become a global pandemic and took many lives. In most countries, it has disrupted economies and affected supply chains; in those facing wars, however, it is a much-aggravated threat. The outbreak has stretched the healthcare systems of advanced countries. Third world nations, being grounds of most of the wars being fought, are grappling with impaired facilities even for routine medical services. Middle East nations are still facing problems related to extremism, insurgency. Most refugees still consider containment measures ineffective. A large part of the region is afflicted with strife – a far older affliction. Iraq is one such country yearning for normalcy since the U.S.-led invasion of 2003. War has collapsed its economy and the recent plummet in oil prices is a further hit. In the meantime, it is also facing a barrage of infections originating from those who were in Iran. As the U.S. military and local militias bomb each other, a constant flow of Iranians fleeing the outbreak in their country is posing a tough challenge: putting together a public health system undermined since the sanctions of 1991. War brings all forms of misery for the vulnerable. COVID-19 patients in Iraq have hardly any place to go as decades of instability has forced nearly 70 percent of medical specialists to flee. Hospitals and clinics are consequently operating with minimal capacities. The healthcare situation in neighboring Syria is much worse. Nine years of fighting have left few hospitals functional, and medical shortages are common. Interestingly, there are no official registered cases of COVID-19, although some organizations have questioned that no reported cases does not mean no infections. Even if it really has not reached Syria, its fast propagation characteristic makes it only a matter of time. Most Syrians have been pushed out of their homes in refugee camps around the region. Social distancing – a useful precaution against the contagion – is nearly impossible in conditions where several families share tents. Lack of hygiene in the absence of running water is the perfect recipe for the spread of diseases. As a fragile cease-fire continues to hold in Syria, the opposition fighters and the Kurdish-led Syrian Defense Forces have set up their checkpoints to ensure the infection doesn't come from areas held by the government or from other countries. Another insurgent group taking its own measures is the Taliban in Afghanistan. They have imposed strict protocols, according to doctors who spoke to foreign media. The doctors have also revealed that the Taliban are assisting the government in keeping the transmission in check. But the Afghan government's ability to do so is also under question. The single hospital in Kabul that can make the diagnosis is overcrowded. People's long-term exposure to conflicts has made them apprehensive of quarantines. Earlier this week, 38 patients under watch for COVID-19 symptoms in the western city of Herat attacked nursing staff and escaped. The hard negotiated peace agreement between the Taliban and U.S. forces also faces derailment if intra-Afghan talks fail to materialize in light of canceled social gatherings. One session, planned to be held on March 10, has already been called off, exponentially increasing an accidental resumption of violence. Afghan forces, fighting insurgents at front lines, are especially susceptible as they remain crowded in fox holes, dining areas, and barracks. Their American allies, however, are more likely to avoid widespread infection as they have access to testing kits and on-base medical facilities. The examples above offer a glimpse of the predicament in other conflict regions like Libya, Yemen, and Palestine. Belligerents there, too, are vulnerable to this danger and are taking initiatives to restrict movement and limit social interaction. In short, the virus is virtually blind in deciding which sides to attack in the feuds around the world. Soldiers cannot be distanced amid battles. As history stands witness, diseases have killed more of them than enemies have. The latest threat in the shape of coronavirus will wreak havoc in their ranks until either a vaccine is developed or we decide to step back from waging wars. The second option would be a wiser but, still, an improbable choice.
WS5e7874f3a3101282172814f7	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e7874f3a3101282172814f7.html	2020-03-23	China's model worked in containing coronavirus outbreak	CHINA DAILY The world is experiencing one of the most devastating disasters posing a significant threat to human existence. The novel coronavirus, a family of SARS that manifests like pneumonia, took China and the entire world by surprise, and led to severe losses of jobs, scores of lives, and considerable resources in China and across the globe. However, the Chinese government, in collaboration with the World Health Organization (WHO), took very stringent conditions to contain the spread of the virus within and outside the Chinese mainland. Wuhan was completely lockdown and by Janaury 30, 2020, the WHO Emergency Committee declared a global health emergency after a close assessment of the virus situation in China, Asia, and Europe. However, the number of confirmed cases outside China was still not many. It is pertinent to remember that, while the virus is new with no cure and vaccine, it spread so quickly like a wildfire. China had the most challenging situation as the outbreak came during the most traditional festive period for family reunion, where more than 1.2 billion people travel across China mainland. President Xi Jinping led the war with all sense of seriousness and commitments. Very stringent measures were deployed throughout the country based on the assessment and recommendations of the coordinated national and provincial disease control centers across the country. An essential lesson to the rest of the world is the best way to engage a war with an invisible enemy like COVID-19, as China bears the significant burden of morbidity and mortality; it requires effective leadership, discipline, and sacrifice. China combined all and deployed the necessary medical personnel (both civilians and military), and resources to provide the equipment and support to contain the spread which they did professionally and successfully. China has indeed proved the world its superiority in modern science, engineering, and information technology. The Chinese engineers designed and constructed a 1,000-bed capacity hospital in Wuhan, fully equipped within 10 days, it has never happened anywhere in the world. Chinese companies were engaged in producing the necessary materials needed for use in the medical centers and the control of the spread of the virus. For example, Chinese companies are producing about 110 million face masks every day. After reviewing the measures nationwide, the war reached its peak on February 12 with confirmed cases shooting to 24,840 within 24 hours, and more than 200 people dead. The Chinese government took its total quarantine model across the country. On March 8, the country recorded zero new cases outside Hubei. Similarly, on March 9, only 36 cases were reported with 21 more death, meaning that from the peak on February 12, China succeeded in containing the spread by 99.8 percent. Additionally, on March 10, all the 16 public facility-turned temporary hospitals were closed as all the last batch of the patients were fully recovered and discharged. China has successfully round-up the war on March 19 with zero new domestic COVID-19 cases for the first time since the outbreak in December 2019. On the day, cumulative records of confirmed cases stood at 81,235, and the death toll stood at 3,250, and 70,457 were fully recovered and discharged. China is making a significant effort to develop the drugs and vaccine for the virus soon, and already it has passed several tests. Xi had visited the two research institutes on an inspection tour and urged them to develop the drug and vaccine as soon as possible. The war has now shifted to Europe, the Middle East, North, and Latin America, Africa, and other parts of Asia. This development saw Europe as the major center of the pandemic now. That shows how world leaders did not cooperate and join hands with China to end the war despite several warnings by the WHO as many assumed it was meant for China alone. A war with an invisible enemy like this requires cooperation and total commitment regardless of whatever differences. Italy that has the highest number of confirmed cases of 35,713 and a death toll of 2,941 as of March 19. resembles the Chinese model of total quarantine with an area of 3,300 people in the northern part of the country. The result shows 100 percent success as they recorded zero new cases since Friday. Spain, Germany, Iran, Japan, The United States, South Korea, United Kingdom, and the Netherlands are countries with more than 2000 confirmed cases and have already adopted the Chinese total quarantine model and are yielding positive results. The focus is now on the African continent with over 30 countries (more than 60 percent) already recording confirmed cases, and the majority has a weak economy and poor health delivery system. The WHO chief Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus on March 18 warned that “Africa must wake up and prepare for the worst.” The continent recorded over 600confirmed cases with 16 death as of March 20, and the virus continues to spread. Many governments are taking strict measures to fight the spread, which include travel ban, indefinite suspension of religious and sports activities, and have ordered for the closure of schools. The best way is to adopt the Chinese quarantine model. President Xi has shown excellent leadership qualities as he is everywhere chairing meetings, visiting sites personally. China has sent its epidemic experts with materials to assist many countries such as Belgium, Italy, Iraq, France to control the virus. Similarly, China has offered to assist any country if requested. China is intelligent and diplomatic; it did not place any entry ban, but whoever comes will be quarantined for 14 days at his own expense. Bruce Aylward, the team leader of the WHO that visited China on assessment tour, advised countries to access the expertise of China and concluded that “if he was infected with COVID-19, he’d want to be treated in China.” Kabir Musa Shuaib, a Nigerian PhD scholar with college of management and economics, Tianjin University, 3000072, Peoples Republic of China. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e786f9da3101282172814da	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e786f9da3101282172814da.html	2020-03-23	China offers helping hand in global coronavirus fight	BEIJING - Sharing experience and expertise, delivering medical supplies, assisting local doctors ... Chinese medical experts and staff are offering on-site support in Italy, Iran, Iraq and Serbia to help fight the COVID-19 pandemic. Chinese medical team members meet with Iranian medical experts in Tehran, Iran, March 7, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A member of the Chinese medical team talks with medics working at the Pavia hospital in Pavia, Italy, March 21, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Chinese medical team members pose for a photo upon arrival in Belgrade, Serbia, March 21, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Chinese expert Xu Yonghao demonstrates wearing a protective suit in Baghdad, Iraq, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Chinese experts conduct video epidemic prevention guidance in Baghdad, Iraq, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A Chinese expert gives instructions on wearing the masks in Baghdad, Iraq, on March 16, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Chinese medical team members meet with Iranian Red Crescent Society officials in Tehran, Iran, on March 2, 2020. [Photo/Chinese Embassy in Iran] Chinese medical team experts talk with local doctors and Red Cross staff members in Padua, Italy, March 17, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic (L) greets members of the Chinese medical team via elbow contact in Belgrade, Serbia, March 21, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e785238a31012821728143b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e785238a31012821728143b.html	2020-03-23	Trump's anti-China coronavirus rhetoric will cost many lives	US President Donald Trump addresses the daily coronavirus (COVID-19) briefing at the White House in Washington, US, March 17, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] US President Donald Trump has launched xenophobic attacks on China over COVID-19 with only one purpose – to attempt to divert attention from his failure to prepare the US for the inevitable spread of the coronavirus. But this anti-China rhetoric will have serious consequences for the American people, leading to many lost lives. Therefore, from the point of view of the truth and the direct interests of the American people, it is vital this rhetoric is condemned and rejected, as many responsible people in the US are doing. To see how serious Trump’s failure to prepare the American people for the coronavirus was, it is necessary to understand the situation in the US is already worse than the most severe period of the outbreak in China. This reality is disguised by confusing comparisons of the absolute number of coronavirus cases in the US to China. But China’s population is more than four times the US’. Therefore, to judge the severity of the US outbreak it is necessary to make a comparison in proportion to the size of population. Based on World Health Organization data, by March 20 there were 4,777 new cases that day in the US. In proportion to the population of China that would be equivalent to 20,230 cases. But on the worst day of the coronavirus outbreak in China, Feb 4, there were only 3,887 new daily cases. Therefore, in relation to population, the daily spread of the virus in the US is already more than five times as severe as the worst period in China. Only six weeks after this peak, China reduced domestic transmissions of the coronavirus to zero. But entirely wrong judgements made by President Trump led to the situation of the intensity of coronavirus cases being much worse in the US than in China. ● Trump declared on Jan22: “We have [the coronavirus] totally under control. It’s one person coming in from China. It’s going to be just fine.” This was totally false. ● On Feb26 Trump made a similarly false prediction: “The 15 [cases in the US] within a couple of days is going to be down to close to zero.” And: “We're going very substantially down, not up.” In reality, as already seen the number of US coronavirus cases rose dramatically to many times the worst period in China. ● On Feb 28 he declared : “The Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus….This is their new hoax.” At every step, Trump has made wrong judgements regarding the coronavirus. He desperately attempted to conceal this total failure, but this diversionary rhetoric is being overwhelmed by the reality of the rapidly growing number of US cases and deaths. As Michael D’Antonio, a Trump biographer, put it: “when it was… feuds with other celebrities or contests over ratings or hotel branding… no one cared enough to really check. And the bluster and bragging worked.” ”But in this case… you can’t brag or bluster your way out of people dying. ” That is the reason Trump launched his totally diversionary attack on China - referring to COVID-19 as the “Chinese virus”. Others in the US understand the reality. This, for example, was a recent column in Bloomberg with the self-evident headline: “The rest of the world is falling in step with Beijing’s way of fighting the coronavirus.” It noted governments’ responses: “events eventually force them to take China’s path: closing schools and public places, shutting borders, imposing curfews, inhibiting movement.” Any responsible US president, aiming to save the lives of the American people, would have asked for cooperation with China. China would undoubtedly have been willing to help the US. But instead of asking for cooperation with China, Trump launched his xenophobic attack. This not only shows a failure to learn the lessons of China’s success in fighting the coronavirus, but attempted to prevent Americans from learning the lessons of China’s success. The inevitable result will be many unnecessary deaths. In short, President Trump’s xenophobic attack on China was not only an attack on that country but a direct attack on the American people. As Leon Panetta, former defense secretary and director of the CIA put it : ”History is not going to be kind with the fact that they knew about this pandemic going back a number of months and did very little to prepare the country to deal with it.” Trump’s attack on China is a futile attempt to head off what will be the inevitable verdict of history on a disaster for the American people. If continued, it will cost many American lives. John Ross is a senior fellow at Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at Renmin University of China and former Director of Economic and Business Policy for the City of London. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e785061a310128217281431	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e785061a310128217281431.html	2020-03-23	Hollywood grinds to halt production amid coronavirus woes	[Photo/sipaphoto.com] The novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, now sweeping the globe, can boast of its latest casualty: Hollywood. Responding to the new state of emergency that was declared by many US states as well as on the federal level by the Trump administration, Hollywood's Big Six studios shuttered production on all films and television series in the pipeline. Virtually all production - from big studios to smaller independent films - ground to a halt late last week and this week, as the American film and television industry braced to do its part to contain and ride out the coronavirus outbreak. Hollywood producer, Arthur Sarkissian, told Xinhua on Friday that public health and safety had to come before economic considerations. "As in other businesses, the entertainment industry will be affected... but right now everyone must face one thing first - that is the dealing with the virus," he said. Film and some television productions often employ hundreds of people, from the highly paid, above-the-line creatives, including actors, director, writer, and producers on down to the rank-and-file, below-the-line artisans and crewmembers who work on location and in the editing bays after the film has been shot. Emmy Award winning producer, Jeff Most, told Xinhua that he lamented the production shutdowns, "but, we have to look out for the safety not only of our executives and everyone in front of and behind the camera, but for everyone in society that we must protect in every way possible by not congregating on film and TV productions." [Photo/Mtime] As production shuttered in the US and Europe and Trump cancelled all flights from Europe, Most narrowly escaped being stranded in Germany while his wife, Katy, is nearing her delivery date on their first child back in Los Angeles. "Our baby is by far our most important co-production, so I couldn't miss it!" Most quipped, arriving back in LA. Among the bigger production closures hitting Hollywood, Marvel and Disney Plus were one of the first to sideline their superheroes. Marvel halted production on Scarlet Johansson's "Black Widow" film featuring her popular Avenger character. They also tabled their China-centric, "Shang-Chi and The Legend of the Ten Rings." Disney Studios sunk their live-action, "The Little Mermaid," as well as their family classic, "Peter Pan & Wendy," and rescheduled reboots of earlier family hits, "Shrunk" and "Home Alone." Disney Plus iced their new series, "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier," currently being shot on location in Eastern Europe; plus, "WandaVision" and their bad-boy, demi-giant, trickster series, "Loki." Warner Brothers' "The Batman," which went into hiatus while their massive production shifted from a London-based sound stage to one in Liverpool. Universal Pictures' London-based production of "Jurassic World: Dominion," the third installment of the Chris Pratt-starring franchise, also hit the boneyard. No good deed goes unpunished, as MGM's Sylvester Stallone vehicle, "Samaritan," shooting in Atlanta, was shuttered for at least two weeks. Jason Statham left the production of Kevin Hart's action comedy, "The Man from Toronto," on March 10, and had just been replaced by Woody Harrelson when the production postponed the start of principle photography. Baz Lurhmann's "Elvis Project" halted production in Australia when co-star, Tom Hanks, and his wife, tested positive for the coronavirus. [Photo/Mtime] The seventh installment of Tom Cruise's blockbuster "Mission Impossible" franchise, set to shoot in Venice, Italy, went dark when the entire country went into lockdown due to the devastating impact of the coronavirus there. To date, Italy is one of the countries hardest hit by the virus in Europe. And Antonio Banderas, fresh off his award season run in 2019 for "Pride and Glory," had to postpone his and Penelope Cruz starrer, "Official Competition," that had been set to shoot in Spain. One of the lone holdouts, Warner Bros. "Matrix 4" has not declared a production hiatus yet. Since it is shooting on a closed sound stage in Berlin, Germany, they opted to amp up their safety protocols for the time being instead of shutting down production entirely. On the television side, Disney is also putting 16 pilots on ice that had been slated for production across its various subsidiaries, while Warner Bros. Television Group temporarily pulled the plug on over halted 70 TV series and new pilots, and Netflix shuttered all their scripted film and television production in the United States and Canada. Fellow networks, cable-nets and streamer, ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, TNT, CW, FX, HBO, Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN), Amazon, Showtime, Lifetime, Hallmark and others, are also closing their doors and will remain in limbo until they reassess the situation in two weeks' time. "We are going home now for at least two weeks and waiting to see how the coronavirus situation evolves," hit show, "Grey's Anatomy" executive producers, Krista Vernoff, Debbie Allen and James Parriott, told their cast and crew. "This decision was made to ensure the health and safety of the whole cast and crew and the safety of our loved ones outside of work, and it was made in accordance with Mayor Garcetti's suggestion that we not gather in groups of more than 10," they explained in a letter. The production graveyard also silenced all hit daytime and late-night talk shows - which bear the added risk of relying on live studio audiences. Casualties included such high profile shows as NBC's "Late Show with Jimmy Fallon", "Jimmy Kimmel Live", "The View", "Ellen", "Real Time With Bill Maher", "The Wendy Williams Show", and all others. PBS's "Closer to Truth" opted to keep working but go virtual. "All staff is working remotely and by teleconferencing," writer/producer/on-air host, Robert Lawrence Kuhn, told Xinhua. "We want, first, our 'Closer to Truth' family to be safe, and second, to alleviate their anxiety, which undermines creativity!"
WS5e783d64a3101282172813f8	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e783d64a3101282172813f8.html	2020-03-23	US FDA authorizes 1st faster, point-of-care coronavirus test	  US Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar speaks during a news briefing on the administration's response to the coronavirus at the White House in Washington, March 15, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON -- The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on Saturday issued the first emergency use authorization for a point-of-care COVID-19 diagnostic for the Cepheid Xpert Xpress SARS-CoV-2 test. "The test we're authorizing today will be able to provide Americans with results within hours, rather than days like the existing tests," said Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar. Media reports said the test developed by the molecular diagnostics company Cepheid based in California is expected to shorten the coronavirus detection time to about 45 minutes. The company intends to make its point-of-care testing available by March 30, according to the FDA. "With the development of point-of-care diagnostics, Americans who need tests will be able to get results faster than ever before. More and more options for reliable, convenient testing are becoming available at an incredibly rapid pace," Azar said. FDA Commissioner Stephen Hahn said it marks an important step in expanding the availability of testing and, importantly, rapid results. Point-of-care testing means that results are delivered to patients in the patient care settings, like hospitals, urgent care centers and emergency rooms, instead of having samples sent to a laboratory, according to Hahn. The number of COVID-19 cases in the United States topped 33,276 as of 21:00 Eastern Standard Time Sunday, with 417 deaths, showed data by the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University.
WS5e78279ba31012821728138a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e78279ba31012821728138a.html	2020-03-23	Nio bullish about its business performance despite coronavirus	Potential customers take in a Nio SUV at its dealership in Shenzhen, Guangdong province. [Photo by Li Fusheng/China Daily] Chinese electric car startup Nio is confident about its prospects this year despite the coronavirus outbreak, expecting its gross profit margin to become positive in the second quarter. "Based on the current trend, we would hope the daily new order rate to return to the level of last December in April," said William Li, founder and chairman of Nio, on an earnings call last week. He expected production, which resumed in late February at its plant in Hefei, Anhui province, to return to normal in April as well. Due to the coronavirus outbreak, Nio delivered 2,305 vehicles in January and February, which was lower than the company's target set prior to the outbreak. Li expected 1,100 to 1,300 vehicles to be sold in March, bringing sales in the first quarter to around 3,500. "Facing the pressure of the outbreak, we are still confident to achieve the preset sales target for 2020," Li said. He did not make public the sales target though. In 2019, the company delivered 20,565 vehicles, up 81 percent year-on-year. Nio's new models are hoped to help drive sales. In April, it will start the delivery of the updated ES8 SUV. In September, the EC6 SUV, which is expected to take on Tesla's Model Y, will roll off the assembly line. In the fourth quarter of 2020, its 100 kw/hour battery pack will hit the market. Li said the company will continue to expand its sales network by building more NIO Spaces, with an estimated 200 of them by the end of this year. Gross margin improvement is one of Nio's top objectives in 2020. Last year, its gross margin was negative 15.3 percent, with net loss standing at $1.62 billion. Li said the gross margin will turn positive in the second quarter and reach the two-digit level by the end of the year as it has been optimizing the supply chain, winning a better deal with battery producer CATL, and reducing manufacturing costs as it ramps up production. The company has also become stricter about expense control and further improved its efficiency, with its headcount cut to around 7,000 from 100,000 in early 2019. "We are pleased to see encouraging results to date, and expect around 35 percent expense reduction compared to the prior quarter even under the pressure of the outbreak," said Li. Nio has made steady progress in financing efforts over the past months. It has issued $435 million convertible notes this year to several unaffiliated Asia-based investment funds, which are to support the company's daily operations and business development. In late February, it inked a 10-billion-yuan framework agreement with the Hefei city government in Anhui province, and Li said the definitive deal will be signed in April.
WS5e781f90a3101282172812df	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e781f90a3101282172812df.html	2020-03-23	Pentagon reports first military-related death from coronavirus	WASHINGTON - The US Department of Defense announced Sunday the death of one of its contractors caused by the coronavirus, the first such fatality related to the US military. The Crystal City, Virginia-based contractor who worked at the Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) died on Saturday, according to a release by the Pentagon. "The individual had tested positive for COVID-19 and had been under medical treatment at a local hospital," the release said. The spaces inside the DSCA where the individual worked "have been cleaned" in accordance with guidelines set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and "the person's co-workers have been teleworking," said the release. Headquartered inside the Pentagon, the DSCA provides assistance and resources to US allies.
WS5e781e35a3101282172812cd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e781e35a3101282172812cd.html	2020-03-23	No new local coronavirus case, imported infections remain in double digits	Passengers wearing masks are seen at the terminal hall of the Beijing Capital International Airport, in Beijing, Jan 23, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] New infections of the novel coronavirus stayed at zero in Wuhan during the past week while the number of imported cases across the country remained in double digits, the National Health Commission said on Monday. As of Sunday midnight, Chinese mainland reported 39 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 81,093. All the new infections were imported cases recorded in nine regions, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shandong, Fujian, Gansu and Zhejiang. To date, 353 imported infections have been seen on Chinese mainland. As of Sunday midnight, the commission reported nine new deaths, bringing the death toll to 3,248. All the new fatalities were in Hubei province, the hardest-hit region. In the past 24 hours, the commission also reported 47 new suspected cases and a total of 459 people were discharged from hospitals after recovering. The commission added that the number of patients in severe condition fell by 96 on the same day. It also revealed that 688,993 close contacts had been traced as of Sunday midnight. Also, 661 were discharged from medical observation on Sunday. Meanwhile, another 10,701 close contacts were still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 507 confirmed cases, with four deaths in Hong Kong and two deaths in Taiwan, according to the commission. In Hubei, the total confirmed cases remained at 67,800 by Sunday, a zero increase for several days. The province has recorded 3,153 deaths, said the commission. Most of the fatalities were in its capital Wuhan. It also reported 447 new recovery cases in the province on the same day. A total of 1,714 patients are still in severe condition.
WS5e781c12a31012821728129c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e781c12a31012821728129c.html	2020-03-23	Washington under fire for labeling coronavirus	None
WS5e781997a31012821728127e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e781997a31012821728127e.html	2020-03-23	Trump's baseless accusations harm global efforts to fight coronavirus	US President Donald Trump addresses his administration's daily coronavirus task force briefing at the White House in Washington, March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] As the coronavirus has reached every continent except Antarctica, including all 50 states in the US and 50 countries in Europe, according to European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control, it is clear that COVID-19 is on a round–the-world ticket, arriving in different destinations at different times and then making itself at home. WHO has identified it as a global pandemic with a designation, according to established principles, that does not ascribe the virus to any nation or region. However, sadly, that has not stopped President Donald Trump from referring to COVID-19 as "the Chinese virus" which is not only inappropriate but essentially racist and could stir up discriminatory behaviour against people and businesses from China and other Asian nations. Many authorities have been quick to condemn this action, including UNESCO that tweeted "Kind reminder: viruses have no nationality". Even the CDC Director for the US called the action "absolutely wrong and inappropriate". So, why is Trump behaving this way? One explanation is that it is part of a wide-ranging policy to undermine China as reflected in the recent decision to expel many Chinese media employees from the US, to make unsupported accusations against Huawei, to impose tariffs on imports from China, to interfere in Chinese domestic affairs whether in Hong Kong, Xinjiang or Taiwan and the list goes on. These policies, which seem to have bi-partisan support in US politics, are designed to paint China as a threat to the US which its citizens need protection from and President Trump as the tough leader to "stand up to China". Although I expected that some in the US administration would be sad at the impact on Chinese people of the heroic battle against COVID-19, there were some who saw this epidemic as a sign that the US economy was moving forward while China's economy was faltering, with even the Wall Street Journal making the repulsive claim that China was "the Sick Man of Asia". In fact, the economic outcome looks like being very different, with China having got on top of the outbreak, able to restart the economy and likely to have more normal performance from April onwards. The dark cloud comes from the upcoming weakness in Western economies now struggling with the contagion which will impact on China's export markets. It is the US economy which is threatened with recession and stock markets have now fallen to such levels that all the gains since the start of the Trump presidency have been obliterated. Thus, the second reason for Trump's insulting terminology – to place the blame for American's economic crisis on China as it "sent the virus". The reality is that COVID-19 will cause huge strains on the US economy and many others, but the slow response to the threat of the pandemic has been a significant factor. Records show that China informed the US of the existence of a new virus on Jan 3 and that gave the Trump administration a lot of time to prepare for it. We are all aware that Trump initially told the American people nearly two months later that the virus would go away, that it was a Democrat hoax and the US was well-prepared for it. Yet when it finally landed, the US had few testing kits, shortages of masks and no clear guidelines on how to contain it, based on Chinese experience including the need for social distancing, hygiene protocols and ultimately staying home. Now Trump has moved to a war footing to beat the virus, declaring a national emergency and, along with the Federal Reserve, implementing a massive economic stimulus. Americans will see that the economy that the administration was so proud of is becoming sick, so the president needs to ensure voters understand that the virus is the cause and in no way his fault. In doing this, he feels he needs to shift the blame to China. This is ironic at a time that China has been reaching out with help to contain the virus with assistance to many countries, including France, Iran, Italy, Pakistan, the Philippines, Serbia and Spain, providing a range of needed items varying from test kits and masks through to ventilators and teams of Chinese medical experts. The coronavirus is attacking the whole world and we need to be one army fighting it together – the virus is the enemy and we should all be allies in this battle. Colin Speakman is an economist and an international educator with CAPA: The Global Education Network. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e78112ea310128217281200	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e78112ea310128217281200.html	2020-03-23	Coronavirus crisis 'bigger than Olympics', says legend Wickenheiser	  Class of 2019 Hockey Hall of Fame inductee Hayley Wickenheiser shakes hands with hall of famers prior to a game between the Boston Bruins and Toronto Maple Leafs at Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Canada, on Nov 15, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] The greatest female ice hockey player in history is blasting the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for continuing to recommend going ahead with July's Tokyo Games amid the coronavirus pandemic. Canada's Hayley Wickenheiser, a member of the IOC's Athletes Commission, released a statement on Twitter last week, presenting her perspective－as both a six-time Olympian and a medical doctor in training. The 41-year-old also serves as assistant director of player development for the NHL's Toronto Maple Leafs. "I've given this a lot of thought, and over the past few days my perspective has changed. I was voted to represent and protect athletes. As an IOCAC member, 6x Olympian and medical doctor in training on the front lines in ER up until this week, these are my thoughts. This crisis is bigger than even the Olympics," Wickenheiser tweeted last Wednesday. "Athletes can't train. Attendees can't travel plan. Sponsors and marketers can't market with any degree of sensitivity. "I think the IOC insisting this will move ahead with such conviction, is insensitive and irresponsible given the state of humanity. We don't know what's happening in the next 24 hours, let alone in the next three months." Wickenheiser, who became the first female player invited to an NHL training camp when she tried out for the Philadelphia Flyers in 1998, won four consecutive Olympic gold medals with Canada to go along with her silver medal from the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano. She also competed in softball at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. "From an athlete's perspective, I can only imagine and try to empathize with the anxiety and heartbreak athletes are feeling right now," Wickenheiser wrote. "The uncertainty of not knowing of where you're going to train tomorrow, as facilities close and qualification events are canceled all over the world, would be terrible if you've been training your whole life for this." Wickenheiser was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame during her first year of eligibility in 2019. The IOC released a statement last Tuesday asking athletes to prepare for the upcoming Games as per usual, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe held a media conference in Tokyo during which he stated the Games will go on despite the coronavirus pandemic. Kozo Tashima, one of the vice-presidents of the Japanese Olympic Committee, revealed last week that he tested positive for the coronavirus. Tashima is also president of the Japanese Football Association. Meanwhile, don't count on the NHL returning to action any time soon. The league and the NHL Players' Association last week told players they can go home－even outside of North America－but must self-isolate through March 27 while the season is on hold. The NHL also announced it is unable to provide guidance on the potential reopening of team practices for another 45 days, which could push any potential return to play into May. Last week, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said he is still optimistic about a resumption and awarding the Stanley Cup, which has been handed out every year since 1893 except for 1919, because of the Spanish flu outbreak, and 2005, due to a lockout that wiped out the entire season. The Russia-based Kontinental Hockey League has paused its playoffs to determine a new format and schedule for its six remaining teams. The decision came after Finnish club Jokerit and Kazakhstan team Barys Nur-Sultan pulled out of postseason play amid the pandemic.
WS5e780d59a3101282172811d5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e780d59a3101282172811d5.html	2020-03-23	Prisons in US release inmates to stop spread of coronavirus	US prisons and jails nationwide are releasing non-violent inmates to stem the spread of novel coronavirus following a slew of confirmed cases in the prison system. Prisons in California, Illinois and Ohio have released hundreds of inmates early. Officials in other states including Utah, and in New York are set to follow suit. The country has at least 2.3 million inmates in federal, and state prisons and local jails. There are at least 175,000 federal inmates serving sentences in Bureau of Prisons facilities. In New York, where there were 6,211 confirmed cases and 43 deaths as of Saturday, Mayor Bill de Blasio said those being released will include people who were arrested for minor crimes and those most vulnerable to infection due to underlying health problems. Corrections officers and administrative personnel have tested positive for the virus in New York, and in the states of Texas, New Hampshire and Georgia. In New York, a corrections department employee died from the coronavirus. Four other corrections officers tested positive for the virus along with a prisoner at Rikers Island prison. Inmates at other New York state jails and prisons, including Sing Sing are infected, said officials, who did not provide numbers of infected cases. The Corrections Department banned all visits at New York correctional facilities until April 11. More than 200 inmates were released from Cuyahoga County jail in Cleveland, Ohio. Most are low-level, nonviolent inmates. "We are trying to make as much room as possible, so when this virus hits our jail, the jail can deal with these people, quarantine them and deal with it instead of letting them sit there and infect the whole entire jail," said Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Administrative Judge Brendan Sheehan. In Utah, officials said as many as 200 inmates could be released from the Salt Lake County jail in the coming days. Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill said authorities released at least 90 inmates, most of them women, on Friday evening in response to the pandemic. Those being released are nonviolent offenders, and most are in jail for technical violations or for not showing up in court. Gill said that another batch of people would be released this week to free up anywhere between 150 to 200 beds so there is enough room for those who commit violent crimes during the pandemic to remain behind bars. Elias Husamudeen, president of the New York City Correction Officers' Benevolent Association, criticized the city's push to release inmates. Medical supplies needed He said that instead of releasing inmates the city should ramp up its efforts to bring in more masks, gloves, hand sanitizers and other vital supplies for the men and women who must also put their health at risk by showing up at work every day, providing care, custody and control. "Correction officers' lives matter too," he said. Sue Allison, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Prisons, said in a statement: "All cleaning, sanitation, and medical supplies have been inventoried at every one of its 122 facilities, and an ample amount of supply is on hand and ready to be distributed or moved to any facility as deemed necessary."
WS5e780dcfa310a2fabb7a31ce	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/23/WS5e780dcfa310a2fabb7a31ce.html	2020-03-23	Criticism of White House grows over labeling of coronavirus	As the coronavirus continues to spread in the United States, the Trump administration is being criticized by some public health officials, politicians and Asian-Americans for labeling the illness a "Chinese virus", a term that experts argued is inaccurate and has led to increased incidents of racist attacks against Asians. "The president of the United States, and other White House officials, using the term 'Chinese virus', or 'Kung-Flu', or 'Wuhan virus', we believe is inciting and provoking this anti-Asian sentiment, and is really responsible in the rise of these more violent acts," said Cynthia Choi, co-executive director of Chinese for Affirmative Action, a community-based civil rights organization in San Francisco. "He's refusing to call it by its correct medical name, which is COVID-19, or the coronavirus. He's refusing to do that, even after it was called to his attention that this is harming and endangering the lives of Asian-Americans," she added. As of midday on Saturday, nearly 23,000 coronavirus cases and 289 deaths had been reported in the US. The fear and anxiety stoked by the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an escalation around the world of xenophobia and bigotry against Chinese and people of Asian descent. In response to the increasingly frequent harassment resulting from the coronavirus, Choi's organization, along with the Asian Pacific Policy& Planning Council and the San Francisco State University Asian American Studies Department, have launched a reporting center to track cases of discrimination against Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders throughout the country. The center opened on Thursday, and by Friday, it had received 60 reports of cases from community members on the site, Choi said. One of the cases involved a 12-year-old Asian-American boy in the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles, who was so badly beaten by his middle school classmates that he had to go to a hospital emergency room. Another case involved a Chinese woman accosted on the streets by a stranger who cursed at her and blamed her for bringing the coronavirus to the US. On March 14, a Myanmar man and his young son were two of four people stabbed by a man at a grocery store in Midland, Texas. Although the case is still being investigated, Choi said she found indications through her network that racism and the coronavirus motivated the attack. "We are starting to see a pattern that individuals who might not appear to be likely to defend themselves, or unable to defend themselves, are being targeted. We are seeing all kinds of racially derogatory comments being made toward people," she added. David Liu, the owner of Arcadia Firearm& Safety in the San Gabriel Valley, an area with a high concentration of Chinese immigrants, said gun sales at his store were 10 times more than usual during the past three weeks, as many customers bought guns to protect themselves against possible racial attacks and fear of social disorder caused by the coronavirus. Trump defended his use of the term on Wednesday, telling reporters, "It's not racist at all.... It comes from China, that is why." Nonetheless, cases of a strange, severe pneumonia were witnessed last November in Italy before the world became aware of the COVID-19 outbreak in China, said Giuseppe Remuzzi, an Italian physician. In an interview with National Public Radio, Remuzzi said some family doctors told him they had seen the pneumonia, particularly in old people, in December and even in November. The doctor said that means the virus could have been circulating "at least in Lombardy before we were aware of this outbreak occur-ring in China". Meanwhile, the term has elicited a chorus of criticism from public figures, including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. "The president is turning to racist rhetoric to distract from his failures to take the coronavirus seriously early on, make tests widely available, and adequately prepare the country for a period of crisis. Don't fall for it. Don't let your friends and families fall for it," she wrote on her Twitter account on Wednesday. Analysts outside the US also believe Trump's intentional use of "China virus" is to distract the US public from the criticism of his early denial of the seriousness of the pandemic. Now with the stock market gains of the past three years totally wiped out, he is eager to play the blame game, especially in a presidential election year, they said. Shada Islam, the director of Europe and Geopolitics of Friends of Europe, a Brussels-based think tank, said at times of crisis like the one the world is living through, it is time for leaders and people to come together and work together to tackle the challenge, not exchange insults, accusations and engage in conspiracy theories. "It is a tragedy that US-China tensions, dating back to US President Donald Trump's arrival at the White House, are further complicating global cooperation to surmount the pandemic," she said. World Health Organization Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the use of the name COVID-19 is to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing. He and other WHO leaders have repeatedly warned against stigmatization in the past two months. Since 2015, the WHO has advised against naming a new human infectious disease by stigmatizing certain communities or economic sectors. Scott Kennedy, a China expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told The New York Times that the use of the term "can't but be interpreted as xenophobic and tinged with racist overtones." Comedian Joe Wong and basketball player Jeremy Lin took to social media to speak out against the recent harassment targeting Asians. "My AsAm friends told me last year, 'I know it's scary but as long as you stay in the two coasts (in the US), you are fine.' Now Asians are being assaulted in NYC, LA, London, and Australia. Asians have been enduring racism and now it's downright brutality," Wong wrote on Twitter. Lia Zhu in San Francisco contributed to this story. Contact the writers at chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn
WS5e774d33a3101282172810a5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/22/WS5e774d33a3101282172810a5.html	2020-03-22	Kenya launches telemedicine technology for detection of coronavirus	A nurse operates a dialysis machine at the renal unit of the Kenyatta National Hospital in Nairobi, Kenya Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Kenya's main referral hospital, Kenyatta National Hospital, has launched a telemedicine technology center for detection of coronavirus, the first of its kind in Africa. Announcing the development on Sunday, Mutahi Kagwe, the health cabinet secretary, said the facility, which will provide quick diagnosis of coronavirus using a 64 slice CT scan, will enable interpretation of CT scans from across the 47 counties. Through the technology, Kagwe said major operations will soon be done in Kenya by local doctors in cooperation with their counterparts from other parts of the world, instead of sending patients overseas. "I reiterate our appreciation of the cooperation through the Chinese government, organizations and business credibility that is there internationally," he said. He said the government is doing everything possible to ensure that the first line medical care staff, including nurses, are well trained for protection. Nicholas Gumbo, the chairman of Kenyatta National Hospital, said the technology can do scans in three to five minutes per patient and it will be a 24-hour service. "We will use big data, connectivity and artificial intelligence to aid real time interpretation of CT scan images for early diagnosis and management of all medical cases," Gumbo said. He said the launch of the facility, which will also be used for training, is an indication that Kenya is leaving nothing for chances in confronting and defeating the deadly coronavirus. "Through the facility, we will be able to share experiences with Wuhan, Beijing, France, and Egypt among others," Gumbo said.
WS5e772b75a31012821728105c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/22/WS5e772b75a31012821728105c.html	2020-03-22	Fellaini first Chinese Super League player to test positive for coronavirus	Shandong Luneng's Belgian midfielder Marouane Fellaini. [File photo/Xinhua] Shandong Luneng's Belgian midfielder Marouane Fellaini was on Sunday announced as the first Chinese Super League player to test positive for the virus. The 32-year-old former Manchester United star has a normal temperature and is feeling fine, Luneng said, but "is under observation and having treatment at a designated medical facility". "The club will do its best... to help in the treatment and recovery of the player," Luneng added. Fellaini is just the latest high-profile name in soccer to catch the disease, joining the likes of Juventus forward Paulo Dybala, Chelsea winger Callum Hudson-Odoi and Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta. But he is the first confirmed case in the CSL, dealing a major blow to the league's hopes of starting the season as early as next month. Spain-based China international Wu Lei confirmed he has tested positive for coronavirus on Saturday, but says he is on his way to making a full recovery. The Chinese Football Association announced on Saturday that Wu, who plays for Espanyol in La Liga, had contracted the coronavirus and the 28-year-old confirmed he is now self-isolating. “As you all know, I indeed have tested positive for the novel coronavirus, and I'm self-quarantined at home,” said Wu in a Weibo post. “I'm in great condition now and all the symptoms have basically gone. “I have run a series of tests on my lungs, including a CT scan, and the result turned out to be good. I really want to thank you all for your support and blessings. “In the meantime, I hope all of you can pay special attention to the coronavirus. We still haven't completely beat the virus. “Keep washing your hands and stay indoors. I believe we can win the battle against the coronavirus eventually. And I can't wait to return to the pitch.” On Friday, the Chinese Fencing Association revealed that three of its athletes, who had been competing in Europe, were infected. It was the first time that confirmed cases were reported from a Chinese national team.
WS5e76ea7da310128217280fea	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/22/WS5e76ea7da310128217280fea.html	2020-03-22	US Vice-President Pence tests negative for coronavirus	US Vice-President Mike Pence. [Photo/IC] WASHINGTON -- US Vice-President Mike Pence and his wife have both tested negative for the coronavirus, his spokesperson said on Saturday. "Pleased to report that the COVID-19 test results came back negative for both Vice President @Mike_Pence and Second Lady @KarenPence," tweeted Katie Miller, the vice president's press secretary. Pence underwent the test earlier in the day following Friday's announcement by his office saying that one of his staff members tested positive for the disease. Noting that the White House doctor had "no reason to believe" that Pence was exposed to the sickened staffer, the vice president said at a news conference before the test that given his "unique position," he and his wife will check whether they contracted the virus. Pence told reporters that the staff member was "doing well" with "mild" cold-like symptoms for a day and a half, and that the staffer had not been at the White House since Monday.
WS5e76e7d9a310128217280fe5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/22/WS5e76e7d9a310128217280fe5.html	2020-03-22	Beijing strengths nucleic acid testing of coronavirus at border entry	A researcher does a nucleic acid test at the KingMed Diagnostics, a company commissioned to do coronavirus infection test in Wuhan, on March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING -- The Beijing municipal government has required strengthened nucleic acid testing (NAT) of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) for people arriving in the city from other countries. Those with certain symptoms such as fever and cough, travel histories to countries with serious coronavirus outbreaks, or some other conditions worthy of note must undergo the NAT, according to the city's anti-virus office. A closed-loop management of inbound passengers is stressed as well, with priorities given to the elderly, pregnant, children and disabled, the office said. The 14-day concentrated observation should also be carried out strictly, the office added. Beijing reported 13 new confirmed cases of COVID-19 imported from other countries on Saturday, bringing the total number of imported cases in the capital to 97.
WS5e76c0a6a310128217280fc2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/22/WS5e76c0a6a310128217280fc2.html	2020-03-22	46 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus reported	Medical workers work at the hemodialysis center of the nephrology department in Hankou Hospital of Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, March 21, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The number of new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland saw an uptick as a result of the influx of the imported cases recently, statistics from the National Health Commission show. A total of 46 new confirmed cases of coronavirus infection and six deaths were reported on Saturday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 81,054 and 3,261, respectively, the commission said on Sunday morning. Of all the new cases, one locally transmitted case was reported Saturday on the Chinese mainland, where there had been zero such cases for three days in a row by Friday. The rest of the new infections were all detected from travelers arriving in China from abroad. The financial hub of Shanghai accounted for 14 of the imported new cases, and Beijing had 13, followed by the provinces of Guangdong, Fujian and Jiangsu, with seven, four and two cases, respectively, reported on Saturday. Hebei province, Zhejiang province, Shanxi province, Shandong province and Sichuan province each reported one new imported case, as well. By the end of Saturday, a total of 314 imported cases of novel coronavirus infection had been reported, the commission said. Also on Saturday, 504 people were discharged from the hospital after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 118 to 1,845. A total of 72,244 people had been discharged from hospital after recovery as of Saturday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 687,680 people with close contact with patients, adding that among them, 1,110 were discharged from medical observation Saturday, with 10,071 others still under medical observation. By the end of Saturday, 273 confirmed cases, including four deaths, had been reported in Hong Kong, 18 confirmed cases in Macao, and 153 in Taiwan, including two deaths. And 100 patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 28 in Taiwan have been discharged from the hospital after recovery. With another 45 new suspected cases reported Saturday, a total of 118 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus, it added. Hubei province, the hard-hit region on the Chinese mainland, has reported zero new cases but saw five fatalities on Saturday. The latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the hard-hit province to 67,800 and total deaths to 3,144. The province also saw 490 patients discharged from hospital after recovery on Saturday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 59,432 it said, adding that Hubei had zero suspected cases as of Saturday midnight.
WS5e766f1da310128217280f92	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/22/WS5e766f1da310128217280f92.html	2020-03-22	US Vice President Pence to receive coronavirus test	US Vice-President Mike Pence. [Photo/IC] WASHINGTON - US Vice President Mike Pence said Saturday that he and his wife will get tested for coronavirus later in the same day, as a staff member of his office recently tested positive for the virus. "Given the unique position that I have as vice president and as the leader of the White House coronavirus task force, both I and my wife will be tested for the coronavirus later this afternoon," Pence said during a news conference at the White House. Pence told reporters that the official was "doing well" with "mild" cold-like symptoms for a day and a half, and that the staffer had not been at the White House since Monday. Pence said White House doctor had "no reason to believe" that the vice president was exposed to the staff member who contracted the virus. Pence's office said Friday the staffer had tested positive for the infectious disease. "Neither President Trump nor Vice President Pence had close contact with the individual," Katie Miller, Pence's press secretary, said in a statement Friday. "Further contact tracing is being conducted in accordance with CDC guidelines." Trump received test for the coronavirus, also known as COVID-19, last week, and White House physician said on March 14 that the result was negative. Trump received Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro and his entourage at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida earlier this month. The president dined with Bolsonaro and his press secretary, who later tested positive for COVID-19. The Brazilian president tested negative for the virus.
WS5e754ba2a310128217280df8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/21/WS5e754ba2a310128217280df8.html	2020-03-21	Chinese soccer player Wu recovering well after catching coronavirus	Espanyol's Wu Lei is seen at the RCDE Stadium in Barcelona, Spain, May 4, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] Chinese soccer player Wu Lei, who played for Spanish club Espanyol, tested positive for the novel coronavirus, according to Spanish local media.   In a video message on March 21, Wu said he was in good spirits and his symptoms had almost completely disappeared. "I did get infected with coronavirus, and I am currently quarantined at home," Wu said, "I have had a series of tests on my lungs, including CT, and the results looked fine and there was no problem." He also thanked netizens for their concern. "Don't worry about me. I hope you can take the epidemic seriously since we haven't totally overcome it yet. Please wash your hands often and avoid going out." "I believe we will certainly defeat the epidemic, and I can't wait to get back to the soccer pitch," he added. Wu is one of four Espanyol players confirmed to have been infected with the virus, according to the La Liga club.  Espanyol confirmed on Wednesday six members of the club staff have tested positive for the coronavirus. Wu is the only Chinese national playing in one of the top five major European football leagues.
WS5e75e182a310128217280f49	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/21/WS5e75e182a310128217280f49.html	2020-03-21	China launches first clinical trial of coronavirus vaccine	[Photo/VCG] The first clinical trial of the novel coronavirus vaccine in China has kicked off as volunteers taking part in the project started to share their experience on social media, a Chinese newspaper reported on Saturday. On Thursday, a female volunteer posted two pictures of her taking the vaccine shot as a part of the phase 1 clinical trial for recombinant novel coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine on China's Twitter-like social media platform Sina Weibo, according to the Science and Technology Daily. The clinical trial was filed on Chinese Clinical Trial Registry on March 17, the newspaper said. According to its registration information, the trial is jointly sponsored by the Institute of Biotechnology, Academy of Military Medical Sciences, People's Liberation Army and CanSino Biologics Inc based in Tianjin. The trial is being carried out on healthy adults between the ages of 18 and 60 in two medical facilities in Wuhan, Hubei province. The study is set to be completed by Dec 31, according to the registry. All 108 volunteers are from Wuhan that was hit hard by the outbreak. They will receive a series of follow-up examinations within six months after injection to see if their bodies have generated antibody to the virus, the registry said, Wang Junzhi, a senior expert on drug and vaccine development, said earlier this month that China is simultaneously conducting nine vaccine development projects, and most of them are expected to complete preclinical trials and begin human tests in April. In general, China's vaccine development against COVID-19 is among the world's front-runners, he added.
WS5e75d9f6a310128217280f3e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/21/WS5e75d9f6a310128217280f3e.html	2020-03-21	Tech companies step forward to help curb spread of coronavirus	A robot designed by Yunji Technology is disinfecting a room on March 20, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/ China Daily] Since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, domestic tech companies have launched multiple products and technologies to help prevent and control the epidemic. Companies in the Zhongguancun science and technology area in Beijing have invented several products, such as AI temperature testing system, smart robots, warning platform designed to limit human movement, elevator controlled by voice, and intelligent voice electronic medical record system. As per reports, over 200 companies from the Zhongguancun Science Park are participatingin the battle against the virus. A staff member from the Humanplus Intelligent Robotics Technology introduces how its warning system designed to limit human movement works on March 20, 2020. Once the room gets crowded, the platform will sound the alert within seconds. [Photo by Zou Hong/ China Daily] Staff members introduces how an AI system spots people not wearing masks and sends a warning if they enter key areas on March 20, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/ China Daily] With the voice-controlled elevator, passengers only need to call "Xiaoyi" before they tell the system which floor they want to go. [Photo by Zou Hong/ China Daily] A robot designed to help people run errands by Yunji Technology is waiting for the elevator on March 20, 2020. The company donated many such robots to Huoshenshan Hospital and some hotels used for quarantine in Wuhan when the city was hart hit by the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Zou Hong/ China Daily] A staff member displays a real-time epidemic data system on March 20. [Photo by Zou Hong/ China Daily]  
WS5e755c70a310128217280e26	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/21/WS5e755c70a310128217280e26.html	2020-03-21	Italy to close parks, other open spaces to curb coronavirus spread	Closed exercise equipment is seen at the "Biblioteca deli Alberi" public park, amid concerns about the spread of COVID-19, in Milan, Italy March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME -- Italy's Ministry of Health on Friday took the unprecedented step of closing all public parks, gardens and other open spaces, effective from Saturday. Italy placed a general lockdown in a large part of its north on March 8, extending that to a national lockdown on March 10. However, under this new measure, people were still permitted to exercise outside as long as they kept a safe distance from other people. But that will end from Saturday, when all types of outdoor recreational activities will be prohibited. Individuals will only be allowed to exercise at home, according to the terms of the ministry directive. Other events where crowds might gather, from concert halls and bars to weddings and funerals, were already outlawed by the previous lockdown decrees. According to rules in force from the previous lockdown decrees, violators will be subject to fines and other sanctions. "We must do even more than we have been doing in order to contain the spread of the contagion," Health Minister Roberto Speranza said in a statement posted via social media and the ministry's website. One month after the country's first coronavirus death, Italy recorded 627 coronavirus-related deaths in the last 24 hours, the second time in three days the country saw a new high of mortalities. The total number of deaths in Italy now amounted to 4,032.
WS5e74a9fba310128217280d8c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e74a9fba310128217280d8c.html	2020-03-20	Africa-CDC steps up response to coronavirus	John Nkengasong, Africa-CDC director, addressing the press on the situation of the coronavirus in Africa on March 19 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The Africa Center for Disease Control, or Africa-CDC, has said it is sending more than 100 experts across the continent and thousands of test kits to 43 countries to fight the spread of the coronavirus. Addressing the media during his fourth press briefing on the coronavirus in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on Thursday, Africa-CDC Director John Nkengasong said that by March 23, they will have sent out 60,000 kits. However, he raised concerns the situation in Africa might get worse. "The situation will get worse before it gets better, because chances are people have slipped through undetected and that becomes a source of amplifying the outbreak," Nkengasong said. Pointing to the dangerous nature of the pandemic, Nkengasong said the number of African countries with confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus has dramatically increased in less than a week. "Over the last weekend the continent tipped over and as we now know, over 34 countries have reported coronavirus infection. In Africa we now have around 640 confirmed cases coming from the 34 countries," Nkengasong said. "The death count in Africa is currently 16 from five countries. Those 16 deaths are distributed among Algeria, Burkina Faso, Egypt, Morocco and Sudan." In laying out the approach by the Africa-CDC to combat the rising numbers of infections on the continent, Nkengasong said Africa-CDC is focusing on three key areas: cooperation, collaboration and communication across member states. Nkengasong said measures taken by the Africa-CDC so far include providing regular updates through the Africa Union channels, including the formation of several social media and WhatsApp groups to share timely information with member countries and journalists. Africa-CDC also said it has published a guidance document on community social distancing, availed a list of response emergency numbers used by member states and it continues to purchase test kits and other medical items needed for emergency response including personal protective equipment, thermal scanners and other critical medical supplies. "We have trained hundreds of representatives of member states in enhanced surveillance, infection prevention and control and risk communication, as well as case management. This is in addition to the webinar series about diagnosis and treatment of the coronavirus in Africa being conducted by the Africa-CDC Institute for Workforce Development. So far, hundreds of people have joined online for training in English and in French," Nkengasong said. He added despite travel restrictions rising across the continent, they had reached an agreement with member states to have Ethiopian Airlines help distribute the supplies across the continent.
WS5e7498dda310128217280d80	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e7498dda310128217280d80.html	2020-03-20	Global fight against novel coronavirus: Clearing up misconceptions	A 103-year-old patient who contracted novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, has been discharged from a hospital after recovery on Monday. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] As of March 19, the number of confirmed novel coronavirus infected cases outside China had passed 120,000 and the total casualty number had exceeded 5,500, according to the World Health Organization. The situation of the battle against the virus has changed deeply, and the pandemic will get worse if no immediate prevention and control measures are taken. The severity and duration of a pandemic depends on three factors: First, the characteristics of the virus. These refer to the incubation period, infectivity, lethality, mutation and longevity of the virus, which cannot be changed. Second, the fundamental conditions of each country and the world. These include the capability of mobilization and coordination, the effectiveness of disease control systems, the response capability of medical systems, economic strength, the capability of medical prevention and control supply and the development and research of medicines and vaccines. All of the above are developed over a long period. Except for medicines and vaccine research and development, no factors are profitable when comparing output with input. Third, the activity capability of each country and the world. This refers to risk awareness, judgment of a crisis, time before acting and solutions by leaders, prevention and control plans, medical care plans, behaviors of a government and its people during the disease and cooperation domestically and internationally. This is something we can affect and control and should deserve the utmost effort. However, governments and the public in some countries are remaining misinformed in some areas, and misinformation will definitely make the pandemic worse. People walk in Times Square as the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak continues in Manhattan, New York City, US, March 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Misconception one: The danger of the coronavirus is exaggerated Although the virus was first detected in China, the origin of the virus remains unknown. Although bats are the suspected host, the intermediate host of the virus has not yet been identified. The current novel coronavirus only has two sub-types so far, namely L and S, and it remains unknown whether the virus will mutate, or whether it will become stronger. Even though an effective vaccine might be developed in a few months, all that labor will be lost if the virus mutates greatly. Therefore, this is by no means an epidemic we are familiar with. Instead, it is a pandemic that could kill millions of lives. The whole world needs a highest-level sense of crisis and urgency, and to immediately take firm, coordinated action. Misconception two: Regarding the nature of the outbreak and the battle against the virus The current battle against the virus is a deadly war between human and virus. It is not about ethnic, national, institutional or ideological differences. Countries should not be divided by ideology. Nor should they accuse, blame or stand against each other, fight for power, or even ideologically misrepresent and stigmatize China's effective prevention and control measures. China, as the first country to detect and fight the novel coronavirus, has accumulated experience and learned lessons at an enormous cost, which should be used for the benefit of humankind. Misconception three: Regarding freedom and individuals, lives and groups It is natural to advocate freedom. Freedom is part of life. However, when human beings are confronted with powerful predators or major disasters, any individual's power will be small and fragile, and fail to overcome the large-scale foe or escape disasters. Only when people are armed and organized with the consciousness of common interests, unite together, help each other and restrain ourselves in a unified way, can we defeat the virus and survive the disaster. A man, wearing a protective face mask, walks in front of the Bank of England, following an outbreak of the coronavirus, in London, Britain, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Misconception four: Healthy people do not need to wear masks There are three crucial parts in the fight against the coronavirus and pandemic: prevention, control and treatment. Prevention is an effective self-protective measure healthy people should take due to the virus' transmission mode, including wearing masks and washing hands. Control is detecting infected people and taking measures like putting them in quarantine. It includes various testing measurements, home isolation, temporary group isolation, and being put into infection wards in hospitals. Treatment is the curing behavior doctors in hospitals take in accordance with patients' disease situations including medicine, psychological treatments and supplementary medical appliances. Why should people wear masks? First, to prevent healthy people from being infected. When two people have close contact, if the healthy person is wearing a mask with a melt-blown layer which can block droplets of the other person entering directly into their mouth or nose, there will be less chance of being infected. Second, it is to control patients transmitting the virus. Masks with melt-blown layers can effectively stop patients' droplets spreading when they talk and infecting other healthy people, so patients should wear masks. Therefore, each country ought to have an open attitude towards this rather than be stubborn. Methods should be adopted and strengthened as soon as possible, as long as they are good for prevention and control. Misconception five: Overall epidemic prevention vs. Herd immunity Prevention and control is meant to infection sources, protect healthy people and decrease the number of infectious people. Treatment is curing diseases and saving people's lives, and decreasing fatalities. Thus it can be seen that testing and curing after receiving is not only beneficial to controlling infection sources, but also good for decreasing fatalities by preventing patients from declining into severe cases. Herd immunity only partially stresses treatment while ignoring prevention and control. It puts the incidental before the fundamental. Although situations in each country or region are different, it is suggested each country's government and people respect science, make policies as early as possible and cooperate globally. The author is president of Fuhai Group Co Ltd. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily. （The article is translated by Guan Xiaomeng, Wang Shuqing and Sun Ru.）
WS5e746bd2a310128217280ce0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e746bd2a310128217280ce0.html	2020-03-20	Ex-Hebei China Fortune star Hernanes urges Brazilians to heed coronavirus warnings	Sao Paulo's Hernanes scores their first goal at the Nilton Santos Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Sept 21, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] RIO DE JANEIRO - Veteran Sao Paulo FC midfielder Hernanes has urged Brazilians to heed warnings from public authorities about the coronavirus to prevent infection. In a video posted on social media late on Thursday, the former Hebei China Fortune player said he was worried about his three children living in Italy, where more than 3,400 people have died from COVID-19. "I have contact with people in Italy, three of my children are there," said Hernanes, whose career has included spells with Italian clubs Lazio, Inter Milan and Juventus. "They are fine and I speak to them daily. I have also spoken to friends, people for whom I have great affection, and they have informed me of the situation there." The 34-year-old playmaker, who was capped 27 times for Brazil from 2008 to 2014, urged people to remain in their homes and limit social contact. "I'm very worried, because cases continue to grow here in Brazil," he said. "There are still many people on the street with the same attitude that many Italians previously had. Even I thought it wouldn't be very serious. But it's time for us to take the situation seriously because if it reaches the same level in Brazil as in Italy, there will be even more drastic consequences." 
WS5e745949a310128217280c81	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e745949a310128217280c81.html	2020-03-20	Argentina announces mandatory quarantine to curb coronavirus	People with face masks walk at the Jorge Newbery airport after Argentina's President Alberto Fernandez announced a mandatory quarantine as latest measure to curb the spread of coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Buenos Aires, Argentina March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] BUENOS AIRES - Argentina will begin a mandatory quarantine, President Alberto Fernandez announced on Thursday, the South American nation's latest measure to curb the spread of coronavirus. The quarantine, which restricts people to their homes, will be in effect from midnight on Friday morning until March 31, Fernandez said in a televised address. People will be able to leave their homes to shop for basic goods, like food and medicine. The quarantine will be enforced by security officials, Fernandez said. "It is time for us to understand that we are caring for the health of Argentines. We have now dictated this measure trying to make the effects on the economy as least harmful as possible. Argentina confirmed 31 new cases of coronavirus, bringing the total cases to 128, and three deaths, according to government data. The country had already closed its borders for a total of 15 days to non-residents and suspended flights from highly affected countries for 30 days. Reuters    
WS5e745721a310128217280c6e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e745721a310128217280c6e.html	2020-03-20	At least 3 test positive for coronavirus at cruise docking in Sydney	SYDNEY -- At least three people on a cruise ship that docked in Sydney have tested positive for coronavirus, Australian New South Wales State Health Minister Brad Hazzard said here on Friday. About 4,000 passengers and crew were on board the "Ruby Princess" cruise ship before it docked in Sydney, and passengers are now allowed to go ashore.
WS5e74382ea310128217280c06	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e74382ea310128217280c06.html	2020-03-20	Vice-Premier demands all-out efforts to treat coronavirus patients	A doctor adjusts medical equipment used on a novel coronavirus patient at Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 8, 2020. The patient has improved and is no longer relying on the ECMO machine to survive. [Photo by JIN ZHENQIANG/FOR CHINA DAILY] WUHAN -- Vice-Premier Sun Chunlan Thursday urged all-out efforts to treat every patient infected with the novel coronavirus. Leading a central government group to oversee the epidemic control work in Hubei province, Sun made the remarks while inspecting Tongji Hospital located in the provincial capital city of Wuhan, the hardest-hit city in China. During her visit, Sun spoke with doctors and nurses of local hospitals via a video link, noting that they are facing even greater challenges to treat patients, in particular those in severe conditions, at the crucial stage. Sun called for efforts to mobilize more advanced medical resources to rescue the patients and combat the coronavirus, stressing multidisciplinary diagnosis and treatment, as well as a combination of traditional Chinese medicine and Western medicine. By Wednesday, China had seen a total of 70,420 patients discharged from hospital after recovery. Nationwide, 7,263 patients were still being treated, with 2,314 in severe condition. Most of them are in Wuhan.
WS5e7427d4a310128217280b15	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e7427d4a310128217280b15.html	2020-03-20	Sharing science, not political bashing, needed to fight coronavirus	US President Trump. [Photo/Agencies] The coronavirus crisis is a worldwide pandemic requiring collaboration across nations regardless of ideology, political system or religiosity. This is the time for global unity against a pandemic attack, no different than if all the nations of the world had to unite to fight an attack from outer space aliens. As science fiction as it sounds, the coronavirus global pandemic is something right out of science fiction and needs to be met head on with global cooperation, the sharing of information, science and experience to fight a common enemy. This is not the time to be fighting among ourselves. Unfortunately, this has not been the case. As the coronavirus erupted in China mid-winter, the Wall Street Journal wrote this headline on February 2, 2020, "China is the Real Sick Man of Asia." This is a 19th century insult to China adopted during the Opium Wars, when a consortium of Western nations became the biggest drug dealers in world history forcing their drugs on China through gunboat diplomacy. In Bruce Lee’s classic movie Fist of Fury he takes down a sheet of paper with these words written by colonialist occupiers in China, and makes them kneel down and eat their own words. Maybe it is time for some others to eat their words as well. By any standard of any nation this kind of "journalistic" bashing represents a flagrant insult not only to China, but also to humanity as a whole now battling this coronavirus together. It also exposes a deep undercurrent of colonial, racist mentality that has not been successfully erased by two world wars and years of worldwide equal rights and social consciousness movements. The fact that a Manifest Destiny religiosity and racist prerogative still exists at the highest echelons of American elite, is frightening at a time when everyone needs to work together and overcome, social, racial and national prejudices. We are facing new unprecedented medical challenges and questions that science is grappling and coming to terms with against a race for time. We need rational unbiased and immediate information, shared among us equally. This is the role that all global media must step up to. China has been on the front line battling coronavirus spread for the interest of not only its own people, but to prevent the spread globally. As of Thursday, China has no new cases of coronavirus, except those that have been imported from Europe and the United States by travelers or returnees. That means currently China has the most accumulated practical experience in battling, containing and controlling the spread of coronavirus. Rather than belittling China in the politicized Western media, it is time to de-politicize and try to report what has been done in China to beat coronavirus and see how these experiences can extrapolated and scientifically adapted to the reality and conditions in other countries as appropriate to their own social constructs and resource capabilities. The most recent act of politicizing the coronavirus occurred when Trump repeatedly labeled it the "Chinese Virus." While the coronavirus spread in China, there is scientific research taking place now to understand the actual origin of the virus, which may have been somewhere else. China’s Foreign Ministry and ambassador to the United States have both refuted a spectrum of conspiracy speculations to simply state that deciphering of the coronavirus origin must be left to the scientific community to use science to determine. Nevertheless, this has not stopped Trump’s labeling. WHO has stated affirmatively that the labeling of any epidemic in association with any nation or being is unscientific, irrational and unconscious able. Well, from observing the Trump administration on issues such a global warming, climate change and the rise of global natural disasters, we can ascertain one thing for sure. Trump and his administration do not believe in science. This coronavirus crisis is not about politics. It is not about science fiction. It’s about hard science. It is time for all nations and international media to de-politicize issues around coronavirus, open up and share information and practical experience. Coronavirus knows no borders, nations, political parties, or religious communities. It is a threat to us all and we need to band together as humanity in the interest of humanity and fight this together as if it was an alien invasion threatening the lives of everyone on this planet. Laurence Brahm is a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization, founding director of the Himalayan Consensus and co-chair of the Silk-Spice Road Dialogues. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e742fd2a310128217280bc5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e742fd2a310128217280bc5.html	2020-03-20	Olympic flame arrives in Japan amid coronavirus fears	Three-time Olympic gold medalists Tadahiro Nomura and Saori Yoshida present the Olympic Flame as they step off the 'Tokyo 2020 Go' aircraft which transported the flame from Greece to Japan, at Japan Air Self-Defense Force Matsushima Base in Matsuhsima, Miyagi prefecture, northern Japan, March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - The Olympic flame arrived in Japan on Friday amid coronavirus fears with only four months until the scheduled opening time of the Tokyo Games. The Tokyo 2020 Go, a chartered aircraft carrying the flame, landed at the Japanese Air Self-Defense Force base in Matsushima, Miyagi Prefecture on Friday. Three-time Olympic gold medalists Tadahiro Nomura and Saori Yoshida took the flame at the gate of the aircraft and handed it to a waiting Tokyo 2020, President Yoshiro Mori. All three people were in a canceled delegation for the flame handover ceremony in Athens after Mori reportedly had met Japan Football Association Kozo Tashima, who tested positive for the coronavirus on Tuesday.   Three-time Olympic gold medalists Tadahiro Nomura and Saori Yoshida pose after lighting the Olympic Flame at the Olympic cauldron while watched by Tokyo 2020 Olympics President Yoshiro Mori (L) during a ceremony at Japan Air Self-Defense Force Matsushima Base in Matsushima, Miyagi prefecture, northern Japan March 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Mori, a former Japanese Prime Minister, told a small crowd, "I would like to express my sincere gratitude for the safe opening of this ceremony ... We originally planned to have children here to welcome the flame. But we've decided to do without them for safety reasons." He admitted it was a "heartbreaking decision", but promised to stage a "safe and secure" Olympic Games. The arrival ceremony was closed to spectators and attended by a small contingent of Tokyo 2020 officials. The flame, dubbed the "Flame of Recovery" by the organizers, will be displayed in three northern prefectures hit by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami before the start of the torch relay on March 26 from J-Village at Fukushima.
WS5e74236fa310128217280ac6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e74236fa310128217280ac6.html	2020-03-20	US Senate will seek deal on $1 trillion coronavirus economic aid package	Tables and chairs are stacked in Times Square, following the outbreak of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in the Manhattan borough of New York City, New York, US, March 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell introduced emergency legislation on Thursday to stem the economic fallout from the coronavirus pandemic, and Republicans and Democrats agreed to meet on Friday to seek an agreement. The $1 trillion-plus package will include direct financial help for Americans, relief for small businesses and their employees, steps to stabilize the economy and new support for healthcare professionals and coronavirus patients, McConnell said. "We are ready to act as soon as agreement with our colleagues across the aisle can be reached," he said on the Senate floor. "The Senate is not going anywhere until we take action." A vote could still be days away, said Republican Senator Lamar Alexander. McConnell also said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow would be on Capitol Hill on Friday to work with lawmakers from both parties toward an agreement. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said Democrats were ready. "We look forward to working with them to come up with a bipartisan product," he said. But he stressed any "bailout" of industries must be aimed at helping workers, not executives or shareholders. In a joint statement, Schumer and House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the Republican bill "is not at all pro-worker and instead puts corporations way ahead of workers"。 Senator Patrick Leahy, the top Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Committee, said in a statement the bill did not adequately fund federal, state and local efforts against the coronavirus and "contains no funding for first responders, child care, schools, help for the homeless, or veterans medical care." The package is the third taken up by Congress since the coronavirus erupted in the United States, infecting 12,259 people and killing 200, shutting schools, businesses and wide swaths of American life, and sending the stock market into a tailspin. A key plank is a direct payment of up to $1,200 for individuals and $2,400 for couples below a certain income threshold, along with $500 for each child in the family, a Senate Finance Committee statement said. The maximum payments would be for those individuals earning no more than $75,000, and $150,000 for a couple, it said. Above those levels, payments would be reduced, and totally phased out at $99,000 for an individual and $198,000 for couples. Reuters
WS5e741d37a310128217280a5b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e741d37a310128217280a5b.html	2020-03-20	Coronavirus cases top 100,000 in Europe, more measures expected	A man wearing a protective face mask in Sorrento as Italy remains under a nationwide lockdown in a government decree that orders Italians to stay at home, in Sorrento, Italy, March 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] BRUSSELS - Over 100,000 people across Europe had tested positive for the novel coronavirus as of Thursday evening, prompting European governments to unleash more anti-virus measures. More than 40 European countries were hit by COVID-19, the disease caused by the new coronavirus. Italy, Spain, Germany and France were the four hardest-hit, with each reporting more than 10,000 confirmed cases. In Italy, Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said on Thursday that the nationwide lockdown, which has been in place from March 10 to April 3 to stem the spreading coronavirus, will be extended. Other government officials said further tightening on movement could be on the cards. In Italy, a total of 427 COVID-19 patients had died in 24 hours, taking the country's death toll to 3,405, according to new data released on Thursday by the Civil Protection Department. The cumulative number of coronavirus cases reached 41,035, making Italy the hardest-hit country outside China, since the epidemic first broke out in its north on Feb. 21. Spain recorded the second most cases among European countries after Italy. Spanish health authorities said the number of COVID-19 infections rose to 17,147 on Thursday, a 25-percent increase on Wednesday's figure of 13,716, with 767 deaths from the virus. During a press conference, Health Minister Salvador Illa said Spain is approaching the peak in the number of COVID-19 cases. "We are reaching the hardest moments, in which we will see an increase in cases as we close in on the peak" of infections, he said. Germany and France reported more than 10,000 COVID-19 cases on Thursday for the first time. Data from Germany's disease control agency Robert Koch Institute (RKI) showed the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 has risen to 10,999 on Thursday, with 20 new deaths, bringing the death toll to over 40. French Director General of Health Jerome Salomon announced on Thursday that France has detected 10,995 cases of coronavirus infection. And 108 patients lost their lives in the past 24 hours, he noted, adding that 1,122 patients are currently in intensive care while 1,300 have recovered. He urged people to strictly respect the confinement order and cut contacts with others to curb the accelerating spread of the virus. Conte said that the nationwide coronavirus lockdown in Italy will be extended beyond its initial April 3 deadline. "We have avoided a total collapse of our system," the prime minister said in broadcast comments. "But the rigid measures taken by the government to counter the coronavirus emergency... will be extended beyond the deadline." Italian government officials have been complaining for days that the current restrictions -- which include the closing of schools, restaurants, bars, tourist sites, offices, cinemas, or any other places where crowds may gather in close proximity -- have not been followed closely enough as Italy tries to curb the spread of the coronavirus outbreak. Now the limits will be extended and more strictly enforced, local media reported. In neighboring Slovenia, the government announced partial lockdown with a decree, which bans gatherings and other events in public areas and restricts people's movement. According to the decree, people will only be allowed to leave home to go to work, the pharmacy and to buy daily necessities at their closest shop. People will also be allowed to go outdoors and to parks, but only alone or with people living in the same household. French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday pledged to invest 5 billion euros (5.35 billion US dollars) over the next decade to boost scientific research against the coronavirus pandemic. The decision came as scientists and pharmaceutical companies are racing to develop vaccines to protect against the novel coronavirus, which has already claimed over 9,000 lives and infected more than 200,000 people globally. Also on Thursday, the Finnish Minister for Basic Services and Health Krista Kiuru announced that the government is applying a ban to visits to hospitals and care homes to minimize the risk of older people becoming infected with COVID-19, urging people aged over 70 to avoid unnecessary social contact. The European Central Bank (ECB) on Wednesday night announced an emergency bond-buying program of 750 billion euros (800 billion US dollars) to counter the coronavirus risks. "Extraordinary times require extraordinary action. There are no limits to our commitment to the euro. We are determined to use the full potential of our tools, within our mandate," ECB President Christine Lagarde tweeted following Wednesday's announcement. The German government plans to support freelancers and small businesses with a maximum of 10 employees with financial funds of up to 50 billion euros to dampen the negative economic effects of the coronavirus, according to German newspaper Handelsblatt on Thursday. The Greek government will support the economy with at least 10 billion euros, Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis said on Thursday after announcing the 6th death of the novel coronavirus in the country.
WS5e741c98a310128217280a49	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e741c98a310128217280a49.html	2020-03-20	Old habits die hard? Coronavirus leads to change	[Photo/Xinhua] Pang Hui placed a few more pairs of chopsticks on the table for a family dinner, though she did not expect her extended family of seven would use them as serving chopsticks. Surprisingly, her 75-year-old father, who used to shrug off the idea of serving chopsticks, became a staunch proponent this time, said Pang, 40, from Beihai, a coastal city of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. Chinese people often share dishes to express intimacy and diners use their own chopsticks to serve themselves food from the shared dishes, a tradition now being challenged by the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. "We feel a sense of crisis as well as the urge to desert our old habits when we see reports of multiple family cluster infections," Pang said, pointing to reports of the virus spreading via droplets and close contact. Local governments are helping to encourage a shift in catering etiquette. On Feb 10, local authorities of Beihai started a campaign promoting serving chopsticks and spoons, which will avoid cross-infection caused by the use of personal chopsticks. Huang Zongjun, president of the Beihai cooking and catering industry association, said the association would guide and supervise its members, including the canteens of schools and colleges. "We will reward those found to provide serving chopsticks and spoons during three consecutive spot checks." Similar measures were also adopted in other cities like Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou. Taizhou city in east China's Jiangsu province even standardized the designs of serving spoons and chopsticks, specifying the color and length of which to help diners differentiate them from personal ones. Serving utensils are not the only cultural phenomenon that has become trendy amid the epidemic in China, where collective traditions favor intimacy over social distance. In Haikou, capital of the island province of Hainan, the queue outside a duty-free shop seemed long but sparse. Since its reopening on Feb. 20, the shop has set one-meter bars at its entrance and check-out desks, reminding people in queues to stand at least one meter apart from each other. A tourist surnamed Ren from the eastern city of Hangzhou said most people get used to keep a distance from those using cashiers or ATMs to protect personal privacy and give a sense of security, but the practice is now being expanded to the whole line as people are concerned about their health. "China has done a good job of informing the public of the seriousness of the epidemic and how to stop the transmission, which helps raise the public health awareness," Ren said, adding that she will continue to maintain a one-meter gap even after the epidemic. The novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has infected over 80,000 people and killed more than 3,000 in China. To contain the spread of COVID-19, the Chinese government is leading a nationwide campaign advising the public to avoid gatherings, wear masks and adopt a more health-savvy lifestyle. The city government of Beijing, for example, is mulling amendments of relevant regulations to add clauses on promoting the practice of covering the mouth and nose with a handkerchief or the elbow when sneezing or coughing, and wearing a mask when suffering from a cold. Wang Yan, who runs a carwash with her husband in Langfang, Hebei Province, said she was taught to cover her mouth with her hands when sneezing or coughing when she was young. "I didn't know until recently that this will leave bacteria and viruses on the hands and contaminate anything I touch," said Wang, 36, who has just taught her 10-year-old daughter and six-year-old son to adopt the new posture. The government is also targeting the practice of eating wild animals, which despite becoming increasingly rare in recent decades remains present in certain areas. China suspended the illegal trading and transportation of wild animals shortly after the outbreak. The move became a permanent ban on Feb 24, when the country's top legislature adopted a decision on thoroughly prohibiting the illegal trading of wildlife and eliminating the consumption of wild animals. Li Bo with the Hainan international center for wildlife protection said wild animal consumption could lead to the faster extinction of particular species, damage the ecological balance and harm people's health. "The epidemic could become a turning point to eliminate the bad habit," Li said.
WS5e74185fa310128217280a0a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e74185fa310128217280a0a.html	2020-03-20	US expands coronavirus testing but still lags behind	  A medical technologist tests a respiratory panel at Northwell Health Labs, where the same test will be used on the COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, after being authorized to begin semi-automated testing by the US Food and Drug Administration in Lake Success, New York, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Almost three weeks since the first community transmission case in the United States, the majority of US citizens still have no way to get a test for the novel coronavirus that has sickened more than 9,000 people and killed more than 100 in the country. The shortage of tests and faulty tests of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have left doctors and patients frustrated and frightened. While photos of long lines of cars waiting for coronavirus testing and horrific stories of people having no access to tests flood social media, health experts are worried that the lag in identifying cases helps hide the true scope of the outbreak. "The testing for the virus helps in mitigating virus spread by identifying infected individuals. This allows you to understand the location and prevalence of community spread, which can help in devising strategies to mitigate further virus spread," said Louis Mansky, director of the Institute of Molecular Virology at the University of Minnesota. US Vice-President Mike Pence pledged that from Monday 2,000 commercial labs would begin to perform coronavirus tests using high-speed machines and 1.9 million tests should be available by the end of the week. High-speed machines can offer sample-to-answer workflows that enable test results to come out three hours after a specimen is loaded on the instrument, said Alex Greninger, the assistant director of the virology division at the University of Washington Medical Center. He said, with the deployment of the high-speed instruments, which can test about 1,000 specimens a day, testing capacity will be increased dramatically. But Mansky said the goal set by Pence may be "overly ambitious". "Without knowing how many total labs (commercial, CDC, state department of health) are positioned to run the tests and the number of real-time PCR (polymerase chain reaction) instruments available (any given lab may have several of these instruments), it is hard to determine if the goal of 1.9 million tests being done by the end of the week is achievable," he said. According to the latest estimate by the American Enterprise Institute's COVID-19 testing capacity program, the total US testing capacity was 36,810 tests a day on Monday, compared with 7,840 tests per day on March 2. In response to the wide complaints about the testing rollout, the Food and Drug Administration announced on Feb 29 that it was relaxing the restrictions on the use of diagnostic tests developed by US laboratories. Before that, doctors had to rely on public health laboratories or the CDC to run tests. "CDC has done a very good job in general, but I think the one area that it has done a very poor job in is the ability to have an adequate number of people tested," said John Swartzberg, clinical professor emeritus at University of California, Berkeley's School of Public Health. He also noted that the Trump administration has done a "horrific" job in terms of leading the country through this pandemic. "We've received mixed messages and inaccurate messages. And in some cases, we've received frank prevarications from the executive branch of our government," he said.
WS5e73fca3a310a2fabb7a3108	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e73fca3a310a2fabb7a3108.html	2020-03-20	'Internet hospitals' join war on coronavirus	On the first day of her role as an online medical adviser, Mao Hua, a 51-year-old doctor in Shenzhen, provided consultations for more than 70 patients. The physician, with nearly three decades of experience working in public hospitals, has been offering diagnostic opinions through online chatting since the novel coronavirus outbreak began. She handled online inquiries in between consultations and attending to patients in hospital, while on the road or even after work until 11 pm. "Most of them seek online doctors' help, worried about getting infected, especially when they have a slight fever or cold," said Mao. She said she understands their worries and uses most of the time online to offer consolation, disseminate accurate information and build up people's knowledge of the disease. For Mao, it's her first attempt although hundreds of thousands of doctors in China have been providing similar services. Technology firms with registered doctors working part-time are leading the field, but the pandemic has pushed public hospitals to speed up the digitization pace. The online healthcare sector bodes well for market players and experts, who expect more "internet hospital" licenses to be granted and more provinces to include online medical costs in the insurance system. Hospitals turn 'virtual' So far, some 80 hospitals have launched online inquiry platforms on the pandemic in Guangdong province, and the first batch of 57 hospitals that opened in January had dealt with inquiries from more than 20,000 people about the coronavirus by mid-February. One of them is Shenzhen University General Hospital, which set up a mini program on WeChat on Jan 30 to provide free medical consultations on the coronavirus. More than 40 doctors had helped some 710 people through online chatting by March 6. Patients have to pick a doctor first, based on their introduction, and then input personal identification information to talk to the physician. Each one can review what others said or leave a comment on a doctor's page. Yi Shijian, deputy director of the hospital's outpatient department, said the online consultation platform can provide virus-related information and advise people what to do if they need to go to a hospital for a face-to-face diagnosis. "We can thus address their worries and anxiety so they can do away with unnecessary trips to hospitals and reduce the risks of cross-infection," he said. Yi believes the platform will continue to operate for a few months and won't close down immediately after the pandemic is gone. However, doctors at the hospital are unable to offer any prescription through online diagnosis before gaining an official "internet hospital" license. There are 22 licensed "internet hospitals" in Guangdong under the health authority's supervision since the first batch was issued in April. "We applied for the license before the outbreak and expect to get the green light in June," Yi said. He said they'll bring in video chatting as the fifth-generation communication is becoming prevalent. "In the first stage of operation, another 150 doctors will participate and, gradually, it'll include all of our doctors." All departments will have access to the online facility, and patients with chronic illnesses will benefit most as they require long-term prescriptions. To ensure full coverage of an e-hospital, it's important to train doctors in making an accurate online diagnosis and rolling out related rules in order to avoid medical errors, Yi stressed. Besides public hospitals, internet-based medical platforms are also gaining traction during the outbreak. Online medical platforms Chinese internet giants, Alibaba, Tencent and JD, have set up their online healthcare flagships in recent years, hiring hundreds of thousands of part-time doctors, charging fees ranging from several yuan to several hundreds. But, as the number of coronavirus cases in China rose, they made most of their services free. Ping An Good Doctor - China's largest healthcare platform - claimed that the number of its new registered users has climbed tenfold, while daily consultations have gone up nine times during the outbreak. The number of its total registered users had reached 315 million by the end of last year. Jens Ewert, head of Deloitte China Life Sciences and Healthcare Industry, said as more hospitals obtain "internet hospital" licenses, these online platforms will undertake most of the return visits of chronic disease patients, and more provinces will cover these return visits with a basic medical insurance system. For the first visit, the government will continue to be very cautious, so he foresees a "health on- and off-line model" in future. Ewert noted that since the virus outbreak, online medical consultations and drug sales have grown significantly, and the daily application installations of such tools have doubled or even tripled. In fact, the sector's compound annual growth rate has risen by more than 20 percent in recent years. He anticipated that online-consultations, the drug delivery supply chain, personal healthcare management and public and private insurance will form an ecosystem for interoperable data flow between the four components. "However, balancing data interoperability and security is always a tough nut to crack," said Ewert. His advice is to build a close loop of such an ecosystem, set up a standard DRG (diagnosis-related group), coding of drugs, and consistent identification of a specific patient through all data systems in the loop. grace@chinadailyhk.com From left: A few people wait to see a doctor at Infectious Disease Division of Shenzhen University General Hospital. A screenshot of the mini program set up on WeChat by Shenzhen University General Hospital to provide free medical consultations on the novel coronavirus. photos provided to China Daily  
WS5e73e919a31012821728090d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e73e919a31012821728090d.html	2020-03-20	Kenya issues measures to reduce coronavirus on public transport system	Charles Hinga addressing the public on the newly released directives to curb the spread of the coronavirus through public transport in Nairobi. [Photo by Otiato Opali/ chinadaily.com.cn] The Kenyan government through the Ministry of Transport, Infrastructure, Housing and Urban Development on Thursday issued new directives aimed at reducing the spread of the novel coronavirus through the public transport system. While addressing the media and members of the public at Nairobi's Kencom bus terminus, Charles Hinga, the permanent secretary of the ministry, said that the directives should be strictly adhered to by commuters and public transport operators across the country. "We would like to ask everyone especially those who operate and use public transport in the country to maintain respectful behavior which will greatly improve the safety for travel for all passengers following the confirmation of coronavirus cases in the country," Hinga said. A Ministry of Health official fumigates a street in Nairobi on March 19 as part of measures to combat coronavirus. [Photo by Otiato Opali/ chinadaily.com.cn] Among the new directives issued is the requirement that public transport operators who ply long distances keep a detailed passenger manifest to ease the tracing of individuals in case of exposure. "To assist with traceability of passengers, long distance operators are encouraged to keep a passenger manifest with details. We hope over time to be able to address these challenges using technology as the government works with the transport sector to create platforms of coordination," Hinga said. Hinga said that the measures introduced were reached after consultations with the National Transport Association, which represents private players in the transport industry. The measures include commuters refraining from unnecessary trips and where possible, limit travel on foot or bicycle to a radius of between 0 and 5 kilometers radius. Commuters were also asked to maintain strict hand washing while maintaining personal hygiene. Commuters also were asked to avoid extensive skin contact when traveling in public service vehicles and wear clothes that cover arms and legs. The general public was also asked to closely watch their personal health status and avoid public transport if they suspect they are ill. A public transport operator dispenses hand sanitizer to commuters before they board buses in Nairobi. [Photo by Otiato Opali/ chinadaily.com.cn] Public transport operators were directed to frequently clean and disinfect their vehicles and to provide commuters with hand sanitizers before boarding vehicles. In the directives, Hinga also urged public transport operators to handle aged and elderly travelers with extra care by providing them with seats that minimize their contact with other passengers. "Following these directives to the letter is the only way of ensuring transport services remain available and will continue to support socio-economic activities and trade," Hinga said. On Wednesday, Kenya's health ministry confirmed three more cases of coronavirus, raising the number of confirmed cases in the country to seven. Mutahi Kagwe, Kenya's health minister, told a daily news conference on the virus that the three new cases include a couple who arrived in Nairobi from Madrid, Spain, through Dubai on March 4. The third case is a Burundian citizen who arrived from Dubai and was isolated upon arrival at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport due to a high body temperatures. Kagwe added that a total of 85 people believed to have come into close contact with the three new cases are being traced for testing.
WS5e73b5fda310128217280901	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e73b5fda310128217280901.html	2020-03-20	Italy passes China's coronavirus death toll, prepares to extend lockdown	Policemen walk on a street in Rome, Italy, on March 18, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] MILAN - Italy's death toll from coronavirus overtook that of China, where the virus first emerged, on Thursday as hospitals said they were being overwhelmed and the government prepared to prolong emergency lockdown measures. A total 427 deaths were registered in Italy over the past 24 hours, bringing the total nationwide tally to 3,405 since the outbreak surfaced on Feb 21.  However, Italy has far fewer confirmed cases - 41,035 as of Thursday against 80,907 in China. Officials and experts believe the total number of infections here is significantly higher, with testing largely limited to those arriving for hospital care. The country's large, elderly population, who are particularly vulnerable to the virus, is also seen as factor for the high number of fatalities. "We're working in a state of very high stress and tension," said Daniela Confalonieri, a nurse at a hospital in Milan, the capital of the wealthy northern region of Lombardy, which has been the epicentre of the epidemic. "Unfortunately we can't contain the situation in Lombardy. There's a high level of contagion and we're not even counting the dead any more," she said. The government announced late Thursday it was putting together a 300-strong team of medical volunteers from the rest of the country to reinforce to the worst-affected areas. Underscoring the scale of the drama, soldiers transported bodies overnight from the northern town of Bergamo, northeast of Milan, whose cemetery has been overwhelmed. An army spokesman said 15 trucks and 50 soldiers had been deployed to move coffins to neighbouring provinces. Earlier local authorities had appealed for help with cremations as their own crematorium could not cope with the huge workload. "Look at the news that's coming out of Italy and take note of what the situation really is like. It's unimaginable," said the Milan nurse, Confalonieri. Reuters
WS5e739d6ba3101282172808ee	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e739d6ba3101282172808ee.html	2020-03-20	Trump signs emergency coronavirus-aid package	US President Donald Trump. [Photo/Agencies] President Donald Trump signed a multibillion-dollar emergency aid package on Wednesday that includes free coronavirus testing and paid emergency leave for furloughed workers as the spread of the coronavirus threatens to derail the labor market. The measure, which the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates will cost $104 billion, is the second package that Congress has passed amid growing concerns about the widespread coronavirus that already has bludgeoned the economy. The package passed the Senate by a vote of 90-8 after the majority leader, Mitch McConnell, urged conservatives who disapproved of it to "gag and vote for it anyway". "This is a time for urgent bipartisan action, and in this case, I do not believe we should let perfection be the enemy of something that will help even a subset of workers," McConnell said on the Senate floor Wednesday morning. Also Wednesday, US Representative Mario Diaz-Balart, a Florida Republican, said he has tested positive for the coronavirus, becoming the first member of Congress known to have contracted the virus. Later Wednesday, Representative Ben McAdams, a freshman Democrat from Utah, said he had tested positive for coronavirus. White House officials, led by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, are working with congressional Republicans on a $1 trillion emergency stimulus package. Media reports on Wednesday said the Treasury is circulating a two-page sheet of priorities for the package. The proposal reportedly calls for the authority to send two $250 billion rounds of checks directly to American taxpayers, the first on April 6 and the second May 18. Payments would be fixed, and their size dependent on income and family size, the summary said. "People want to go big," Trump said at a news conference when asked about the size of the direct payments to Americans. "Everybody seems to want to go big, and they want to get to the recovery." It also includes a $50 billion "airline industry secured lending facility" that would allow it to make direct loans to US passenger and cargo air carriers, and another $150 billion for secured loans or loan guarantees for other parts of the economy hard hit by the financial crisis. The proposal to increase loans to small businesses would allow any employer with 500 employees or fewer to receive loans equaling six weeks of their payroll up to $1,540 per employee, under the condition that companies must keep paying their employees for eight weeks after receiving the loan. Marriott International, the world's largest hotel operator, said Tuesday that it would begin furloughing tens of thousands of employees worldwide. In the US, about 130,000 employees are on the Marriott payroll, the company said. On Tuesday, Hilton Hotels said it would close its New York Hilton Midtown indefinitely starting Friday. It is one of more than a dozen hotels in the city that have announced this week that they will close, either for a while or permanently, industry officials said. One of the last big events at the Hilton was a conference of emergency-room doctors that ended March 11. Seven doctors who attended the conference, out of 1,300 people who were there, have since tested positive for the coronavirus, according to the medical association that organized the event. More than 7,500 Americans have been infected with the coronavirus. There have been 55 deaths in the US as of early Wednesday evening, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. The global rate of confirmed cases stood at 214,894; there were 8,732 deaths and 83,313 recoveries, according to the data. Trump moved to invoke a law allowing the federal government to order American industry to produce critically needed medical equipment, such as ventilators, respirators and other protective gear for health care workers. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Wednesday that 2,382 people in the state had tested positive for the coronavirus, an increase of more than 800 since Tuesday. In New York City, 1,871 people had tested positive, compared with 814 on Tuesday. Cuomo attributed much of the jump to an increase in testing. Of the 14,597 people to be tested so far, nearly 5,000 were tested on Tuesday. Cuomo also issued a statewide order that no business have more than half its employees leave their homes to come to work. Cuomo also said on Wednesday that the president had agreed to dispatch a 1,000-bed hospital ship to New York Harbor immediately, but Jonathan Hoffman, a Pentagon spokesman, told reporters at a news conference on Wednesday that the vessel was undergoing repairs in Norfolk, Virginia, and that it would be weeks before it sailed for New York. The governor's office later said the ship wasn't expected to arrive until April. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said Wednesday that he would have a conversation with the governor on the need to enact "shelter in place" measures in the city. But Cuomo renewed his opposition to such an order. By adopting such a policy, he said Wednesday, "you close down your healthcare system, you close down your food system, you close down your transportation system". Reuters contributed to this story.
WS5e739d64a3101282172808e5	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/20/WS5e739d64a3101282172808e5.html	2020-03-20	Chinese students react to coronavirus	[Photo/Agencies] After seminars, lectures and career counseling moved online, Xia Xue, a Chinese student at the Stanford Graduate School of Business, said she felt like she was "losing millions of dollars". "It's like one-way communication. You don't have the same interaction with professors and other students in online class," said Xia, who will graduate in June. "The graduate study involves a lot of group discussion and professor coaching. Without that, I think it would be a huge loss." Stanford University was one of the first US universities to cancel in-person classes as the novel coronavirus spread across the country. The university has told all students who remain on campus to leave by Wednesday after an undergraduate student tested positive for the virus Friday. Xia said she understands the restrictions the university has taken in response to the outbreak, but the time is especially difficult for international students who are graduating and trying to get a job in the US. Last week she had a job interview with a company, which was its last in-person interview before its staff started working from home the next day. "Several recruitment events on campus have been canceled. I think the stock market plunge has led many companies to take a wait-and-see approach in terms of hiring. They are not as aggressive as last year," said Xia. "Those who had intended to wait for more offers would jump at any offer, and those who haven't received any offer are kind of panicking," she said. Over the last few days, a growing number of universities have joined the University of Washington, the first major university in the US to shift entirely to online instruction over virus concerns. The university has 50,000 students on three campuses across the Seattle region, where 27 deaths have occurred. So far, more than 260 colleges and universities across the country have canceled or postponed in-person classes, according to a list created by Georgetown University senior scholar Bryan Alexander. The universities' decisions were announced either before or during spring break. Some schools have designated online classes for a limited amount of time or for the entire semester. At San Diego State University, which will officially go online from April 6 and finish May 7 after the spring break, some instructors have already moved classes online. "Some classes are livestreamed so students can raise questions, while others are recorded lectures so we just watch the videos at home," said Mark You, another student from China, who is a senior majoring in international security at SDSU. You said he will graduate in three months, adding that so far the virus hasn't affected his plan to either find a job or continue to study in the US. But he said the outbreak has affected his life the most. Now he cooks more and has stocked up on supplies for 10 days, as advised by the authorities. He also calls his family in Beijing more often. "At first I was worried about my parents, and now they are worried about how I am holding up here in the US," said You. "My mom just sent me an article about the virus-transmission in Los Angeles." He said that every day he has received a lot of messages or articles on WeChat, the popular social networking app in China. "I can tell many of the news articles are fake or mere rumors and some photos are old ones," he said. "I think the circulation of fake news is just like the transmission of the virus, which fuels fear among people." More than 4,200 people have been infected in the US, and 74 people have died as of Monday, according to figures tracked by Johns Hopkins University. The rapid transmission of the virus has prompted many schools, like Stanford, Georgetown University and Ohio State University to tell students who live in on-campus dorms to move out. Oleg Wang, a sophomore majoring in civil engineering at Ohio State, is allowed to live on campus by signing a petition as an international student. The university, which originally had planned to shift to classes online through the end of March, has decided to extend the period to the end of the spring semester. Two of Wang's roommates have returned to China because their parents were not confident in the US fighting the coronavirus, said Wang. He and another roommate chose to stay in the US. "I spend most of the day studying and doing physical exercise in my dorm," he said. "I have ordered face masks and other protective gear in case of an outbreak on campus." Stanley Kwong, an adjunct professor at the University of San Francisco, said several students from Shanghai, Hong Kong and Singapore told him that they would go back to their home countries because of coronavirus concerns. "Their parents said the US is not safe, especially for those from Hong Kong and Singapore," said Kwong. It was US President Donald Trump's declaration of a national emergency, and several celebrities contracting COVID-19 that really worried Simon, a student of biology from China at the University of Texas' MD Anderson Cancer Center. "The president has been trying to play down the virus, but with the stock market plunging, schools closing and the NBA suspended, I think people are doubtful if the government is up to handling such a crisis," said Simon, who asked to be identified by his first name only. What worsens the situation is racism against Asian people, he said. "When I asked somebody for directions in a street, he just ignored me and walked away. I think it must be because of my race and my face mask," he said. "Most of the time, the instances of racism may occur on the internet, not in real life. But I feel it does exist among a lot of people," said Simon. [Photo/Agencies]
WS5e7379a3a3101282172808c9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e7379a3a3101282172808c9.html	2020-03-19	Virtual G20 to address novel coronavirus pandemic	MA XUEJING/CHINA DAILY China hopes to contribute to the world's effort to tackle global public health challenges through the G20, Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Thursday. Geng made the remarks after Saudi Arabia said it will convene a virtual G20 Summit to address the novel coronavirus pandemic. The virus is spreading fast across the world, causing public health crises in many countries and imposing serious impact on the economy, finance and society, Geng said, calling for major economies to strengthen coordination and cooperation. The G20 should uphold the spirit of partnership and take the lead in fighting the pandemic and stabilizing growth, Geng said, adding that its members should act in a coordinated manner and send a signal of unity to overcome the challenges.
WS5e736742a31012821728089f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e736742a31012821728089f.html	2020-03-19	Video conference set for Friday on novel coronavirus	CAI MENG/CHINA DAILY China will hold a video conference with more than 10 countries in the European-Central Asian region and South Asia on prevention and control of novel coronavirus disease on Friday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang announced.  Officials from China's Foreign Ministry, National Health Commission and General Administration of Customs will attend the conference. Those countries have lent powerful support to China since the outbreak, and are facing increasing challenges posed by the virus, Geng said on Thursday. Some have requested China's assistance and are eager to learn from its experience in fighting the disease, Geng said, adding that China will support and work with its friendly neighbors to overcome the pandemic.
WS5e73365fa31012821728081a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e73365fa31012821728081a.html	2020-03-19	Milestones in fight against coronavirus outbreak	China's continuous efforts to contain the coronavirus have paid off and the worst is believed to be over. Here are the milestones during China's fight against the coronavirus outbreak.
WS5e7330e2a3101282172807f6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e7330e2a3101282172807f6.html	2020-03-19	Italy set to prolong anti-coronavirus lockdown - PM Conte	Medical workers in protective suits push an isolation stretcher in front of the Columbus Clinic, where patients suffering from coronavirus disease (COVID-19) were moved from Spallanzani Hospital, in Rome, Italy March 16, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MILAN - Italy will remain under lockdown beyond previous deadlines due to expire later this month and in early April, Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said on Thursday, in ongoing efforts to try beat Coronavirus in Europe's worst-affected country. In comments to the Corriere della Sera newspaper, Conte said measures taken to close schools, universities and to impose severe restrictions on movement would have to be prolonged. Under current measures, Italy's 60 million people are only allowed to travel for work, medical reasons or emergencies under an order that runs until April 3, while most shops, except those selling food and pharmacies, are supposed to remain closed until March 25. Reuters
WS5e7329e1a3101282172807c6	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e7329e1a3101282172807c6.html	2020-03-19	Uganda announces bold measures to curb coronavirus	  File photo of Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni. [Photo/Agencies] Although Uganda has yet to record a confirmed case of the coronavirus, the country has announced bold measures to limit the risk of spreading the virus, probably because all the surrounding countries have already recorded confirmed cases of the virus. Addressing the nation on the coronavirus issue on Wednesday from the State House in Entebbe, Yoweri Museveni, the president of Uganda, announced closure of all the learning institutions including primary and secondary schools, universities and tertiary institutions for one month starting from March 20, as part of the preventive measures against the epidemic. Museveni said the country has a total of 10.7 million children in primary schools, 2 million children in preprimary schools, 2 million students in secondary schools, and 314,548 students in universities and tertiary institutions. "I have decided to close the educational institutions even before the occurrence of a single coronavirus incident because I have observed the situation in other countries," Museveni said. The president also suspended all religious gatherings for a month with immediate effect and advised the religious leaders to broadcast their preaching through television and radio. Museveni also banned political or cultural meetings for a period of 32 days and issued travel restrictions to high risk countries including Italy, France, South Korea, China, USA, United Kingdom and Netherlands among others. "Foreigners going to those countries are free to do so, provided they do not intend to come back within the prohibited time," he said. The Ugandan citizens coming back from abroad will be put in a mandatory quarantine in a designated place but they will pay the cost of their institutional quarantine like food. "If they want to avoid that inconvenience or cost, they can sit out the storm in the country of their temporary abode," Museveni said. The president said nonagricultural workplaces including factories, hotels, large plantations, markets and taxi-parks among others, should continue functioning but with standard operating procedures stipulated by the Ministry of Health. They should observe compulsory hand-washing, deny access to people showing symptoms of sickness, and install temperature monitors. Museveni said burials will only be limited to the nearby relatives as opposed to traditional crowds of relatives, neighbors and friends. However, if the deceased is suspected of dying from the coronavirus, the state will take over and bury the person in the scientific way without the involvement of the family. Museveni said Uganda has a large number of vulnerable people including seniors and those suffering from tuberculosis, HIV, diabetes and hypertension among others. Uganda has 1.4 million people living with HIV, 80,000 with diabetes, 4.8 million with hypertension, and 100,000 getting infected by TB per year. "We must do everything possible to ensure that this enemy does not come here, and does not find plenty of dry grass piled up and ready for flaming. The dry grass that can help to start and sustain fire of a coronavirus epidemic is big masses of people, gathered together and in close proximity," he said. Museveni said public transport operators should be given mandatory standard operating procedures by the Ministry of Health including: hand-washing, not allowing sick people on board, and monitoring temperatures. "With these precautions, public transport will continue. However, in the event of an outbreak in a given locality, public transport in that area will be forbidden and the area will be isolated," he said. Museveni assured Ugandans that the country is fully prepared for any eventuality of coronavirus outbreak, in terms of testing capacity, availability of face masks and hand sanitizers.
WS5e7327a8a3101282172807c0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e7327a8a3101282172807c0.html	2020-03-19	Neville says his hotels free for NHS staff during coronavirus crisis	March - Gary Neville has said that the two hotels he co-owns with former Manchester United team mate Ryan Giggs will be made available to National Health Service (NHS) staff at no cost as they fight the coronavirus pandemic. Premier League side Chelsea have also made the Millennium Hotel at their Stamford Bridge stadium in London available to NHS staff. Through their GG Hospitality group, Neville and Giggs co-own Hotel Football and The Stock Exchange in Manchester. "Our 176 beds will be occupied by NHS workers and medical professionals from Friday," Neville said in a video posted on Twitter. "The whole of our industry needs to show solidarity, not just for our staff in these uncertain times but obviously for the people who need accommodation most in the coming months. "Health workers will be able to stay there without any cost whatsoever in the next few months when they need isolation away from family members who may be affected by what's going on." The Premier League has been suspended until April 4 due to the virus, which has infected more than 212,000 people globally and killed 8,700. Reuters
WS5e731b53a310128217280773	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e731b53a310128217280773.html	2020-03-19	Tokyo Olympics chief attended meeting with official who now has coronavirus	Tokyo 2020 president Yoshiro Mori speaks to the media in Tokyo, Japan, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Tokyo 2020 Olympics chief Yoshiro Mori attended a meeting on March 10 that included the deputy head of the Japanese Olympic Committee (JOC) who tested positive for the new coronavirus this week, officials said. Mori, who is 82 and has lung cancer, has not been tested because he has no symptoms of the virus and does not meet testing requirements, an official from Mori's office said. Mori and JOC deputy head Kozo Tashima attended a board meeting regarding the Rugby World Cup. Tashima tested positive for the virus on Tuesday. At the meeting, about 60 people were in a room and Mori was seated about 10 metres away from Tashima on the opposite side of the table, according to Jun Kusumoto, a spokesman for the Rugby World Cup organizing committee. Local health authorities have contacted those believed to be at risk of contracting the virus from Tashima but that does not include Mori, the Tokyo 2020 organizing committee told Reuters. "He goes to hospital three times a week for dialysis, so if he develops fever or has other symptoms, a doctor will be able to test for it," the official from Mori's office said. Doubts are mounting that the Olympics can proceed as planned given disruptions caused by the coronavirus pandemic but Tokyo Games and Japanese government officials have said the event will go ahead as scheduled and will not be held behind closed doors. Hiroshi Iijima, deputy governor of Saitama prefecture, who also attended the meeting decided to self-quarantine and will not return to work until March 23, Ryoji Hiraiwa, a prefectural official said. Iijima does not have any coronavirus-related symptoms and tested negative after taking a test on Wednesday, he added. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met Mori on March 16, without providing details. He did not directly address a question about whether Abe will test for the virus. "Health centres are taking the necessary measures once people test positive for the coronavirus, including identifying who has been in contact with them," Suga said. Reuters
WS5e73194ea310128217280761	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e73194ea310128217280761.html	2020-03-19	European Commission president appreciates China's support in coronavirus fight	European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen released a video via the commission's social media account Wednesday, saying that the EU side is grateful for China's support in its fight against the coronavirus. She spoke with Premier Li Keqiang on the phone earlier that day.
WS5e731587a310128217280747	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e731587a310128217280747.html	2020-03-19	Flamengo boss Jorge Jesus cleared after coronavirus fears	Flamengo coach Jorge Jesus before the match, Maracana Stadium, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] RIO DE JANEIRO - Flamengo's Portuguese head coach Jorge Jesus has tested negative for the coronavirus, two days after an initial exam drew an inconclusive result. "The new test conducted on coach Jorge Jesus has come back negative for COVID-19," the Brazilian club said on Twitter. The 65-year-old had been in quarantine for almost a week after Flamengo's vice president Mauricio Gomes de Mattos, was found to have contracted the virus. On Monday, the Rio de Janeiro outfit said the result of Jesus's first test was "weak positive or inconclusive". Former Benfica and Sporting Lisbon manager Jesus joined Flamengo last June and led the club to the Brazilian Serie A-Copa Libertadores double in his first season. Flamengo currently lead Group B of the Rio Cup, which is in the midst of a two-week recess enforced by Rio's football federation because of the coronavirus.
WS5e7305f1a3101282172806e1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e7305f1a3101282172806e1.html	2020-03-19	New Zealand shuts border to all foreigners to curb spread of coronavirus	New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern. [Photo/Agencies] WELLINGTON -  New Zealand closed its borders to all foreigners from midnight on Thursday, as it stepped up efforts to contain the spread of the coronavirus in the country. Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern told a press conference that citizens and permanent residents can still return, but their options are running out as many commercial airlines are cancelling flights. "We will no tolerate risk at our borders," Ardern said at a news conference, adding that borders will remain open for freight and cargo and urged people not to panic-shop. New Zealand has so far confirmed 28 cases of the coronavirus. Reuters
WS5e730300a3101282172806d1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e730300a3101282172806d1.html	2020-03-19	Australia bans non-residents from entering country on coronavirus fears	  Travelers stand at a Virgin Australia Airlines counter at Kingsford Smith International Airport, following the coronavirus outbreak, in Sydney, Australia, March 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on Thursday all non-citizens and non-residents would be banned from entering the country from 9 pm (1000 GMT) Friday. "The overwhelming proportion of cases in Australia have been imported.," Morrison told a televised briefing in Canberra. Australia has recorded around 600 coronavirus infections and six deaths, a relatively small number compared to other countries, but officials are growing increasingly concerned about the prospect of a rapid spike in cases. Reuters
WS5e72fe9fa3101282172806cb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72fe9fa3101282172806cb.html	2020-03-19	All at sea with the coronavirus	It has been a month since the first batch of stranded HK passengers got off the virus-stricken Diamond Princess and came back home. Willa Wu talks to survivors who experienced the nightmare and Samaritans who helped bring them home. The Diamond Princess cruise ship, operated by Carnival Corp, sits docked in Yokohama, Japan, on Feb 12. Japan’s Health Ministry confirmed an additional 39 cases of the novel coronavirus on the cruise ship in Yokohama, bringing the total number of infections from the quarantined vessel to 174 on that day. [Photo/Agencies] The sea was tranquil but for Simon Hui everything else felt out of control. The 57-year-old Hong Kong physiotherapist was one of the 364 Hong Kong passengers trapped onboard the cruise liner, Diamond Princess. This was a dream voyage that turned into a nightmare, as the novel coronavirus raged among the 3,711 people onboard that ill fated voyage. The Diamond Princess had set sail from Yokohama on Jan 20, on a 16-day round trip that would see it stop in Hong Kong, Vietnam and Taiwan. On Feb 1, an 80-year-old Hong Kong passenger who had disembarked in Hong Kong on Jan 25 tested positive for the highly infectious novel coronavirus. The cruise ship shortened its trip and returned to Yokohama on Feb 3. One day before the original schedule. The first hint of something amiss came on the evening of Feb 2. Earlier, passengers had been requested to set their luggage at their cabin doors, a day before disembarking. It was standard procedure. Then Hui got a message from a crew member which he found unsettling. He was advised to keep his luggage inside the cabin. The time for disembarkation was now uncertain. Then came the frightening news. The ship’s captain broadcasted a bulletin on Feb 3. The ship, now back in Yokohama had been quarantined. Officials of Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare were to come aboard to check the body temperature of every passenger. Hong Kong passengers are seen inside a bus as they leave the coronavirus-hit cruise ship Diamond Princess at Daikoku Pier Cruise Terminal in Yokohama, Tokyo, Japan February 21, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] It was a quarter-to-four, in the early hours of Feb 4, when the knock came on the door. Medical staff tested Hui and his wife. Both were within the temperature range of “normal”. “I believed we could still get off in a few hours,” Hui told China Daily via a video interview. What happened next was worse than anything Hui had imagined. There was another announcement from the ship’s captain. All passengers were to stay in their rooms for the next 14 days, while Japanese authorities closely watched to see who would become ill with the COVID-19 infection. “I was not worried, hearing the arrangement. I thought the Japanese government would handle it well. Japan is a developed country with advanced healthcare,” he said. Again, his expectations proved wrong. On Feb 5, Japan confirmed that 10 passengers had contracted the novel coronavirus. Five days later, 135 onboard the liner had been stricken. “There must be something wrong. It was obviously out of control. We needed to leave the ship as soon as possible,” Hui recounted. Hong Kong lawmaker Vincent Cheng Wing-shun (second left) discusses evacuation details with Under Secretary for Security Sonny Au Chi-kwong (third left) on Feb 18 in Japan. [Photo provided to China Daily] Help from home From Feb 4 to 9, Hong Kong lawmaker Vincent Cheng Wing-shun answered over 50 phone calls from Hong Kong passengers aboard the luxury liner. During the first few days, requests focused on sending daily necessities and medicine to those with chronic diseases. The urgency of the requests started to spike. “They asked if they could get virus tests as soon as possible so that they could leave the ship once the 14-day quarantine ended,” Cheng said during a video interview with China Daily. Japanese officials said they would test each of the 3,711 passengers and crew members onboard. Elderly passengers and those with chronic illnesses were to be tested first. Up to 300 samples could be tested each day. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Feb 12 that the number of tests would increase to 1,000 samples a day by Feb 18, the last day of the quarantine. With two colleagues from his office at the Legislative Council, Cheng flew to Japan on Feb 16, a day after the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region announced plans to charter planes to retrieve the 364 Hong Kong passengers stranded onboard the Diamond Princess. He brought necessities requested by the passengers. He also wanted to help coordinate the virus tests on Hong Kong passengers. Zhan Kongchao, counsellor and consul-general of the Chinese Embassy in Japan, met Cheng’s plane. There, inside the airport, Cheng communicated the urgent requests from Hong Kong passengers to Zhan, while Zhan briefed Cheng on the condition of the Hong Kong passengers. On that day, 355 passengers, including 21 from Hong Kong, were confirmed infected and sent to local hospitals for treatment. The 15-minute talk at the airport ended with Zhan’s inviting Cheng to the embassy’s office. There officials from the Hong Kong Immigration Department, the Security Bureau, the Chinese Embassy and Cheng held a meeting to discuss detailed plans for evacuating the ship. “Everything went so quickly, but it was organized. I thought if the passengers had known of the efforts being made outside the ship, they would have felt a bit more secure,” Cheng said. A fleet of buses arrives at Yokohama Harbor on Feb 19 to pick up the Hong Kong residents stranded on the virus-hit Diamond Princess cruise ship. [Photo provided to China Daily] Life onboard From the balcony of his room, Hui gazed out at the calm sea, alert, waiting for the knock on the door telling him he was free. He knew it would not come soon. He and his wife, both in their 50s, were considered “young” among the passengers. The couple has not stepped out of their 200-square-foot room during their quarantine. Their life became a routine. Between three meals sent to their room, they exercised, watched television and talked with friends and relatives by phone. “Life in confinement was not boring, to be honest. But it really burned you,” Hui said. Official data show that from Feb 4 to 18, the average confirmed cases onboard the ship was 48 per day. Hui’s anxiety was shared by another Hong Kong passenger surnamed Chik, a 61-year-old housewife with a chronic illness. She had taken enough medicine onboard but that did not ease her anxiety. “I worried every day. It’s inhumane putting us in the same space with those who might have caught the disease,” Chik told China Daily in a phone interview. Chik had lived in a room with no windows or balcony. “You can’t stay inside a room like that for 14 days. You would go crazy,” Chik said. So when the captain notified passengers that there would be a one-hour break every day for going on the deck for some fresh air, Chik was happy for the opportunity. She geared up for each outing: wearing a hat to cover the hair, sun glasses to protect her eyes, a face mask and a pair of gloves. Back in her room, Chik gave herself a complete scrub. Meanwhile she drank lots of water every day. “That’s the only way I could think of to enhance my immunity,” the housewife said. The Hong Kong government announced, on Feb 17, that it had chartered two flights to Japan to pick up the stranded Hong Kong passengers. The first flight was scheduled for take-off on the evening of Feb 19. Hui and Chik were relieved to hear some good news, at last. They were unaware that the Chinese embassy was having a tough time arranging buses to take them to the airport. On Feb 17, three private bus companies in Japan declined to take the passengers to the airport. One hundred and six Hong Kong residents who were onboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship return to Hong Kong on Feb 20 on a government chartered flight. [Photo / INFORMATION SERVICES DEPARTMENT] Coming home Liu Danhong, a Chinese expatriate who has lived in Japan for 30 years, owns a private bus company she established 20 years ago. That company was the last hope the Chinese embassy had. The veteran business woman was torn when she put the question to the 20 Japanese bus drivers who worked for her. “I wanted a ‘yes’ from them. But I didn’t want them to become victims of the virus,” Liu said in a video interview with China Daily. Liu also wondered if the Japanese drivers would be prepared to put themselves at risk to transport groups of Chinese nationals. “Would they be willing to save my compatriots?” Liu said she had no idea how they would react. After she posed the question, the room hummed with the voices of the drivers talking about her proposal. After a while, one driver, in his 50s, stood up and spoke to the room, “Our boss was among the first to offer help to Japanese people after the Mar 11 (Fukushima) earthquake. This is our chance to do something in return.” On Mar 11, 2011, a magnitude 9.0 earthquake struck Japan, setting off a tsunami that devastated the northeast coast and resulted in the world’s second-worst nuclear disaster after Chernobyl. On the night of Feb 17, 2020, fifteen bus drivers signed up for the mission. They arrived at the port around 4:30 pm of Feb 19. On the first bus leading the fleet, was a banner reading “Let’s go home”. It was Liu’s idea. “I am not good with words. But I was sure ‘Let’s go home’ was the wish in every passenger’s heart,” she said. The first 106 Hong Kong passengers were sent to Haneda Airport at around mid-night that day. Neither Chik nor Hui were among the first group. Their virus test results were not back. Chik was among the second group to board the Hong Kong government’s second chartered flight on Feb 21. When she disembarked from the ship, she saw the buses and the banner. “I finally felt secure when I saw the buses. I knew I was heading home,” she said. During the nearly one-hour ride to the airport, Chik recalled nobody had much to say. No more than two passengers were allowed to sit in the same row. “But you could feel the excitement underneath,” Chik said. The 15 Japanese drivers worked in shifts to complete the three-day evacuation to get 188 Hong Kong passengers back home. Hui’s results arrived on Feb 22. He missed the two chartered flights but managed to book a flight back to Hong Kong on Feb 24. Only after booking his flight did he learn that the Hong Kong government planned a third chartered plane. “I would not blame the government. In fact, I think Hong Kong immigration officials were doing a good job. They were efficient and responsive,” he said. Unfinished story The Japanese authority announced on March 15 that all virus tests were completed and a total of 712 people onboard the luxury liner were infected by the novel coronavirus, including 74 from Hong Kong. It has been a month since the 225 Hong Kong passengers stranded aboard the Diamond Princess came home. All were sent to Chun Yeung Estate for a 14-day mandatory quarantine when they arrived. Among them, nine were found to have contracted the disease. The story has not ended. The Immigration Department reports that there are still 11 Hong Kong residents infected with the disease onboard the cruise ship being treated in Japan as of March 16. Lawmaker Cheng is working with the Hospital Authority and the Department of Health to see what assistance can be provided to the virus-stricken patients. He told China Daily there have been meetings between doctors in Hong Kong and Japan to discuss treatment for the Hong Kong patients in Japanese hospitals. Life is slowly returning to normal for those flown home. Hui and Chik spent their 14-days in quarantine in Hong Kong, and returned to their families whom they had not seen for over 40 days. They said instead of having the trip of a lifetime, they had lesson of a lifetime — to cherish your family and friends, and have faith in your city.
WS5e72e21ca31012821728067e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72e21ca31012821728067e.html	2020-03-19	Homeless at higher risk during coronavirus outbreak	A homeless woman carrying bags crosses a road in Beijing, China, as the country is hit by the novel coronavirus outbreak, on January 30, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Death of shelter worker highlights problem of helping people living on the streets On the afternoon of Jan 16, Wu Qian, who worked at a homeless shelter in Wuhan, Hubei province, departed the city with two colleagues and a deaf boy. The trio had boarded a bullet train to escort the 9-year-old back to his home 985 kilometers away in Guangzhou, Guangdong province. The boy, identified as Tao, had been noticed by railway employees the night before on a slow train from Guangzhou to Hankou Station in Wuhan. Tao had run away from home and been missing for 30 hours. He was wearing a cochlear implant and the train crew managed to gather information from him about his family contacts. When the train arrived at Hankou, local authorities contacted the homeless shelter. As Lunar New Year was approaching, the shelter workers were anxious to get the boy home as soon as possible. With tens of millions of Chinese planning their family reunion trips, tickets were getting harder to purchase. "We had been asked to get ready in just 10 minutes," said one of the workers who accompanied the boy to Guangzhou that day, who asked not to be named. She had a fever and felt ill but soon recovered. At the time, Wuhan had yet to raise alarms about the novel coronavirus, and its ability to jump from human to human. Few travelers wore face masks. The trio took a bullet train and arrived in Guangzhou at around 10 pm and handed Tao to his anxious father. Mission completed, they boarded a return bullet train at 11.30 pm and arrived in Wuhan at 4 am. It was the last work trip that Wu would make. At some point during the trip he became infected with the novel coronavirus. Wu had a persistent high fever, which in a matter of days developed into an infection. He died less than a month later, age 37. Native son Wu, a native of Wuhan where the novel coronavirus emerged in December, had two young daughters. He obtained a bachelor's degree in art and design in 2005 from the Wuhan University of Technology and joined the shelter in 2010. The young father succumbed to the virus on Feb 10 at a hospital in Wuhan. Three days earlier, he posted on QQ, a popular messaging tool, that his determination to get better while in the isolation ward was driven by his wish to be back with his wife and daughters. He had spent almost every workday of the past decade seeing to it that homeless people were reunited with their families as soon as possible. "No problems were reported during his 10 years in service," said Liu Yong, who oversees the relief work at the shelter. "He may have looked rough on the outside, but he was a very thoughtful person." Wu's death shed light on the vulnerability of shelter workers during the outbreak, which prompted local governments to strengthen measures to help the homeless. On the move, and often unable or unwilling to provide proper identification, homeless people are among the most vulnerable to the new virus. Widespread travel bans to slow the spread of the virus also left many people stranded in Wuhan with no money to pay for lodgings. To curb infections, shelters have stepped up efforts to accommodate the homeless. Health screenings are tight for the newcomers and body temperature checks are frequent. Wuhan's Civil Affairs Bureau also rolled out plans to accommodate the stranded. Bureau figures show that by Friday, a total of 69 shelters had been set up in buildings around the city to cater for 4,843 people without lodgings. More than 16 million yuan ($2.28 million) has also been allocated to 5,839 homeless people.
WS5e72e16fa31012821728066e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72e16fa31012821728066e.html	2020-03-19	Mainland reports 34 new coronavirus cases, all from abroad	Doctor Zhang Xiaoping (L) of urology surgery department examines a patient at Wuhan Union Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, March 16, 2020. Nearly two thirds departments of the hospital have resumed medical treatment for patients who suffer from other diseases so far. Hospitals designated for novel coronavirus patients in Wuhan will return to normal operation by the end of March, as the number of COVID-19 patients continues to drop. Those hospitals will be thoroughly disinfected after their missions of treating COVID-19 patients and will start taking patients of other diseases gradually. [Photo/Xinhua] All of the new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland on Wednesday were imported from abroad, the statistics from the National Health Commission show on Thursday. A total of 34 new confirmed cases of coronavirus infections and eight deaths were reported on Wednesday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 80,928 and 3,245 respectively. For the new imported confirmed cases, Beijing accounted for 21, Guangdong province had nine, Shanghai had two, and Heilongjiang province and Zhejiang province each reported one respectively. By the end of Wednesday, a total of 189 imported cases of novel coronavirus infections had been reported, said the commission. All of the eight new fatalities occurred in Hubei province, it said, adding that there were another 23 new suspected cases reported Wednesday. A total of 105 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus, and there were 7,263 confirmed cases across the country. On Wednesday, 819 people were discharged from hospitals after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 308 to 2,314. A total of 70,420 people had been discharged from hospitals after recovery as of Wednesday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 683,281 people with close contact with patients. Among them, 1,032 were discharged from medical observation Wednesday, with 9,144 others still under medical observation. By the end of Wednesday, 192 confirmed cases including four deaths had been reported in Hong Kong, 15 confirmed cases in Macao, and 100 in Taiwan including one death. And 95 patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 22 in Taiwan have been discharged from hospitals after recovery. Hubei, the hardest-hit province on the Chinese mainland, reported zero new confirmed cases and suspected cases on Wednesday. As of Wednesday, a total of 67,800 confirmed cases and 3,130 deaths have been reported in Hubei. It still has 6,992 confirmed cases, including 2,274 in severe condition. The province also saw 795 patients discharged from hospitals after recovery on Wednesday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 57,678, it said.
WS5e72de2ba310128217280646	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72de2ba310128217280646.html	2020-03-19	2020 PGA Championship postponed due to coronavirus	LOS ANGELES - The 2020 PGA Championship in San Francisco, originally scheduled to be held from May 11 to 17, has been postponed, the PGA of America announced on Tuesday. A statement from the PGA revealed that the event would be delayed due to the COVID-19 outbreak in US. "Throughout our evaluation process, we have been committed to following the guidance of public health authorities and given the coronavirus shelter-in-place order in effect in San Francisco, postponement is the best decision for all involved," said PGA of America CEO Seth Waugh. "This is a reflection of a thoughtful process," Waugh added. "We are and have been working with Commissioner Jay Monahan and our partners and friends at the PGA TOUR to find an alternative date that works for all. We are all very hopeful for a great outcome. A new timetable to be decided later, and the organization hopes to bring the event to San Francisco at a date this summer.
WS5e72d8d9a3101282172805c8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72d8d9a3101282172805c8.html	2020-03-19	African central banks encourage cashless transactions to combat coronavirus	FILE PHOTO: A general view shows the Central Bank of Kenya headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya November 28, 2018. [Photo/Agencies] Some African central banks are encouraging clients to embrace cashless transactions in an effort to combat the spread of coronavirus that has so far infected 638 people and claimed 16 lives in the continent. The apex banks urged clients to use mobile money transfers, online, debit and credit card transactions as opposed to cash, as it could be a source of transmission. The Central Bank of Kenya issued new directives on Monday aimed at facilitating increased use of mobile money transactions instead of cash to reduce the spread of the virus that has so far infected seven people in the country. According to measures that are expected to be in effect until June 30, mobile money transactions up to $9.63 will not be charged. Other measures include an increased transaction limit for mobile money to $1,445, an increased daily limit for transactions to $2,889 and an increased mobile money wallet limit to $2,889. The monthly total limit for mobile money transactions was eliminated, as well as charges for transfers between mobile money wallets and bank accounts by PSPs and commercial banks. "While the immediate objective is to reduce the risk of transmission of coronavirus by handling banknotes, this will also reduce the use of cash in the economy over the medium term," a statement from the bank read. In response to the central bank’s directives, Safaricom and Airtel — the largest telecommunication companies in Kenya — waived their transaction fees. Absa Bank also announced a waiver on several transactions, including transaction fees on money transfers between mobile wallets and bank accounts, until June 30. It also said it would give a 0.3 percent cashback on Absa card swipe transactions starting March 25, for a period of one year. The cashback will be paid to customers’ current accounts monthly. "We strongly encourage our customers to use cashless transactions to further reduce the risk of infection," a statement from the bank read. Similarly to the Central Bank of Kenya, the Central Bank of Nigeria has also called on Nigerians to adopt electronic transactions as opposed to cash to minimize spread of coronavirus that has so far infected eight people in the country. In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria in Lagos on Tuesday, Isaac Okoroafor, CBN director of corporate communications, said internet banking, electronic transfers, mobile banking apps and USSD transfers are better alternatives for controlling the spread of coronavirus and comes with several other advantages. "Its efficiency has minimized liquidity, settlement, systemic credit and operational risks which were inherent in financial transactions. It is secured, reliable, accessible, prompt and cost-effective to meet all users’ needs. Nigerians should use it," Okoroafor said, as reported by Ventures Africa. The adoption of cashless transactions is part of Nigeria’s preparation for the Cashless Policy implementation, to be in effect from March 31. The policy is aimed at reducing robberies and other cash-related crimes. The Central Bank of Nigeria also announced six policy measures to cushion the country’s economy against the impact of coronavirus. The measures include: extension of moratorium on loans, interest rate reduction, creation of a $136 million fund, credit support for healthcare sector, regulatory forbearance and strengthening of loan-to-deposit rate policy. Athanasie Niragira, head of marketing and customer services at Equity Bank Rwanda, told The New Times they are urging their customers to go digital. "There is no need to go to the bank when you can use your mobile phone or card for transactions; be it loans, payments, loans or airtime top-up," Niragira said. The World Health Organization has also advised people to wash hands after handling cash, noting the virus could be spread through cash. The organization has not issued an official warning about banknotes.
WS5e72d511a310128217280572	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72d511a310128217280572.html	2020-03-19	S.Korea reports rebound in new coronavirus cases after nursing home outbreak	Medical staff in protective gear work at a 'drive-thru' testing center for the novel coronavirus disease of COVID-19 in Yeungnam University Medical Center in Daegu, South Korea, March 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea posted a jump in new coronavirus cases on Thursday, reversing days of slowing infections after a new outbreak emerged in a nursing home in the hardest-hit city of Daegu. The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 152 new cases, taking the national tally to 8,565. The country had recorded fewer than 100 new infections for four days in a row until Wednesday. Among the new cases, 97 are from Daegu, southeast of Seoul, where the KCDC said at least 74 patients at a nursing home have tested positive for the virus this week. The KCDC did not specify now many of the new cases were linked to the nursing home directly. The fresh outbreak has prompted Daegu officials to launch extensive checks on all other nursing homes involving more than 33,000 people. "The rise in new infections could be ascribed to the nursing home where the outbreak occurred and our across-the-board survey on similar facilities", Daegu Mayor Kwon Young-jin told a briefing, without elaborating on the numbers.  Reuters
WS5e72d142a310128217280525	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72d142a310128217280525.html	2020-03-19	Two members of US Congress test positive for coronavirus	US Rep Mario Diaz-Balart. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - Two members of the US House of Representatives, Mario Diaz-Balart of Florida and Ben McAdams of Utah, said on Wednesday they had tested positive for the coronavirus, becoming the first members of Congress known to have contracted the respiratory illness. Diaz-Balart, a Republican, said in a statement he had been self-quarantining in Washington since voting on Friday on the floor of the House of Representatives. He said he had not returned home to South Florida because his wife's pre-existing conditions put her at exceptionally high risk. The 58-year-old congressman said he developed a fever and headache on Saturday evening and was notified "a short while ago" that he tested positive. McAdams said in a statement from West Jordan, Utah, that he had developed "mild cold-like" symptoms on Saturday evening after returning from Washington and isolated himself at home on Sunday. He and Diaz-Balart participated in House voting on a coronavirus response bill that went until late on Friday. McAdams' symptoms got worse and he took a test at a clinic on Tuesday on his doctor's instruction. He learned on Wednesday that he had tested positive, the 45-year-old Democrat said. The House is currently in recess and due to return next week. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment on whether the positive tests would affect House operations. Over the past few weeks, several other members of the Senate and House have self-quarantined after possibly coming in contact with a person with the coronavirus. But Diaz-Balart and McAdams were the first to say they had tested positive. Reuters
WS5e72cda3a3101282172804dd	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72cda3a3101282172804dd.html	2020-03-19	US-Canada border closed as Florida congressman diagnosed with coronavirus	Cars cross into the United States at the US-Canada border crossing in Lacolle, Quebec, Canada March 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON/NEW YORK - The United States and Canada closed their shared border to "non-essential traffic" on Wednesday as US President Donald Trump moved to hasten medical equipment production and said hospital ships would be deployed in the battle against the coronavirus. The virus spread to Capitol Hill, with US Representative Mario Diaz-Balart saying on Wednesday he has tested for positive for coronavirus, becoming the first member of Congress known to be infected. The 58-year-old Florida Republican said he placed himself under self-quarantine in Washington on Friday after appearing on the floor of the US of Representatives for a number of votes earlier that day. He said he developed a fever and headache on Saturday evening and was diagnosed by a positive test result shortly thereafter. The implications this posed for infection control on Capitol Hill was not immediately clear. Wall Street extended a four-week plunge in the face of deepening concerns about a public health crisis that has paralyzed large sectors of the US economy and led to fears of a global recession. Trump signed legislation late on Wednesday providing over $100 billion to limit the damage from the coronavirus pandemic through free testing, paid sick leave and expanded safety-net spending, after the US Senate overwhelmingly passed it. In a struggle that Trump at first made light of but now likens to a war, the Republican president said he would invoke the Defense Production Act to allow the government to accelerate production of medical equipment such as face masks and other protective gear during the health crisis. "It's a very tough situation here. You have to do things," Trump said. Reuters
WS5e72c6f6a31012821728044c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72c6f6a31012821728044c.html	2020-03-19	Rolex Shanghai Masters not affected by coronavirus	Alexander Zverev of Germany competes during the men's singles semifinal match against Matteo Berrettini of Italy at 2019 ATP Shanghai Masters tennis tournament in Shanghai, east China, on Oct 12, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] SHANGHAI - The Rolex Shanghai Masters will be held from October 10 to 18 according to the original schedule, the organizer confirmed on its official social media on Wednesday. "In order to protect the health of all participants and fans, all the organizers of global events are trying to make the most suitable arrangements. We fully support all reasonable measures to protect the interests of the events, and we hope to work closely with ATP, the organizing committees of relevant events and all the players to provide perfect matches for global audience," said the announcement released by Shanghai Masters. The Rolex Shanghai Masters is one of the nine ATP Masters 1000 tournaments in the world and is the feature event of the Asian Swing. The French Open tennis tournament, which scheduled from May 24 to June 7, was rescheduled for September 20 to October 4 because of the COVID-19, overlapping the schedule of ATP Chengdu Open and Zhuhai Open in China.
WS5e72c63ea310128217280441	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e72c63ea310128217280441.html	2020-03-19	New Zealand govt raises travel advice to 'do not travel' over coronavirus	WELLINGTON - New Zealand on Thursday advised its citizens not to travel overseas due to the risks posed by the coronavirus. "We are raising our travel advice to the highest level: do not travel," Foreign Minister Winston Peters said in a statement. "This is the first time the New Zealand Government has advised New Zealanders against travelling anywhere overseas. That reflects the seriousness of the situation we are facing with COVID-19," he said. Earlier on Thursday, New Zealand confirmed eight new cases of coronavirus linked to overseas travel, taking the total number of infections in the country to 28.
WS5e725427a310128217280332	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e725427a310128217280332.html	2020-03-19	US starts first human testing for coronavirus vaccine	[Photo/VCG] The United States has started the first testing in healthy humans of an experimental vaccine to fight the corronavirus. Four people were vaccinated Monday and four more will be vaccinated Wednesday at Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute in Seattle using a vaccine produced by Cambridhge, Massachusetts-based Moderna Therapeutics. The vaccine cannot cause the coronavirus, also known as Covid-19, but contains a harmless genetic code copied from the virus that causes the disease. The city was selected before the US had any known of any coronavirus cases, not because of the outbreak that erupted there, officials said. Washington state has been hard hit by the virus, with more than 670 cases to date. The first person to be given a shot on Monday was a 43-year-old mother-of-two from Seattle. "This is an amazing opportunity for me to do something," Jennifer Haller told The Associated Press. The testing was announced Monday by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID). After the participants recive the shots, there will be a pause to monitor them and then more participants will receive injections, said Dr Barney Graham, deputy director of the institute's Vaccine Research Center. The trial was "launched in record speed," Dr Anthony Fauci, the institute's director, said in a statement. Despite the rapid progress, even if the vaccine is proved safe and effective against the virus, it will not be available for at least a year. Work on the vaccine started in January, as soon as Chinese scientists posted the genetic sequence of the new coronavirus on the internet. Researchers at Moderna Therapeutics and the NIAID identified part of the sequence that codes for a spike-like protein on the surface of the virus that attaches to human cells, helping the virus to invade them. The vaccine cannot cause Covid-19 but contains a harmless genetic code copied from the virus that causes the disease. Other countires and many companies are also trying to manufacture a coronavirus vaccine. Moderna is the first to conduct a clinical trial. On Tuesday, China approved the start of clinical trials on a coronavirus vaccine. The National Medical Products Administration approved the tests for the vaccine, which was created by the Academy of Military Medical Sciences in Wuhan, the city where the coronavirus cases started in January. The infectious disease institute has been working with Moderna because its RNA approach can produce vaccine very quickly, said Graham. RNA technology copies the genetic code of the virus instead of the actual virus. The participants in the Moderna test will be followed for a year, but Stéphane Bancel, the CEO of Moderna, said that safety data would be available a few weeks after the injections were given. He said if the vaccine then appears safe, Moderna will ask the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for permission to move ahead to the next phase of testing before the first stage is finished. The second round of testing, to measure efficacy as well as to verify safety, will include many more participants. A nonprofit group, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness A nonprofit group, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, helped pay to manufacture the vaccine for the trial. Moderna has nine other vaccines in various stages of development, including several for viruses that cause respiratory illnesses. The company is already buying new equipment to produce millions of doses if its vaccine is approved, and Bancel said the company was taking a risk because neither safety nor efficacy has been proved yet. "Humans are suffering and time is of the essence," he said. "Every day matters. We have taken these decisions to take the risk, because we believe it is the right thing to do.''
WS5e725425a31012821728032f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e725425a31012821728032f.html	2020-03-19	Trump invokes Defense Production Act to combat coronavirus outbreak	US President Donald Trump. [Photo/IC] WASHINGTON - US President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he will invoke the Defense Production Act, which allows the administration to force American industry to ramp up production of medical supplies, to combat the coronavirus pandemic.
WS5e7248baa31012821728032c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/19/WS5e7248baa31012821728032c.html	2020-03-19	US coronavirus cases top 6,000	[Photo/Agencies] The number of coronavirus caaes in the United States topped 6,000 on Wednesday as President Donald Trump told millions of workers facing layoffs and furloughs that "money will soon be coming to you". "For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies, for instance the shutting down of hotels, bars and restaurants, money will soon be coming to you," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "I will totally protect your Medicare & Social Security!" Trump also wrote. Trump also announced on Wednesday that the US and Canada had agreed to close their border to most travel as the two countries seek to blunt the spread of the coronavirus. "We will be, by mutual consent, temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!" Trump tweeted. On Tuesday evening, West Virginia became the 50th state to report an infection. Johns Hopkins University said the number of confirmed virus cases in the US stood at 6,159 as of Wednesday morning with 55 deaths. Globally, the total number of cases was 204,264, 82,107 listed as recovered and 8,244 deaths. In Washington, Congress rushed to approve spending bills to help the struggling US economy. Congress has already passed an $8.3 billion package of emergency funding to help treat and control the spread of coronavirus, and Makority Leader Senator Mitch McConnell said Tuesday that the Senate would pass a second relief measure approved by the House last week before its members returned to their districts for a one-week recess. "This is a herculean task," McConnell said. The House, Senate, and White House are now negotiating a third $1 trillion economic stabilization package that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin discussed at a Senate lunch on Tuesday. Hospitals across the US are running out of the masks, gowns and other equipment to protect staff against the novel coronavirus, say hospital officials, doctors and others in the industry. The Pentsgon announced on Tuesday that it would up to five million respirator masks. Nurses from Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston have pleaded with friends on Facebook for any goggles and other gear they might have lying around. "I'm reusing my mask from yesterday," Calvin Sun, an emergency-room doctor in New York City told The Wall Street Journal. "We really have no choice." Hotel operator Marriott International said Tuesday that it would begin furloughing tens of thousands of employees worldwide. Retail giant Macy's with more than 800 stores nationwide said it had closed its more than 800 stores on Tuesday until at least March 31 and would continue to pay compensation and benefits to roughly 130,000 employees. On Monday, a flood of inquiries from newly jobless New Yorkers crashed the website for the state's unemployment insurance system. Lights went out on the famed Las Vegas Strip as Nevada's governor ordered the statewide shutdown of all casinos and other nonessential businesses starting Wednesday. Kansas became the first state to announce that schools would remain closed for in-person teaching for the rest of the school year. After three technicians who work in an air traffic control tower at Midway International Airport in Chicago tested positive for the virus on Tuesday, the Federal Aviation Administration temporarily shut it down, causing scores of flights to be canceled, delayed or diverted. Some US retailers are setting aside shopping time for their most vulnerable customers, including older adults and persons with underlying health conditions.Panic buying across the country has left store shelves empty for those at-risk groups. Albertsons, which has 2,200-plus stores under banners including Safeway, Acme and Vons, says it is reserving two hours every Tuesday and Thursday morning for vulnerable shoppers, including senior citizens, pregnant women or those with compromised immune systems ``who have been advised to avoid leaving home as much as possible". Starting Wednesday, all Whole Foods Market stores in the US and Canada will let customers who are 60 and older shop one hour before opening to the public. The company, which is owned by Amazon, has approximately 500 stores throughout the UK, Canada and in 42 US states. Whether you test positive or negative for the novel coronavirus, "we should be acting as if we have the virus", US Surgeon General Dr Jerome Adams said. "If we do those three things — making sure we're cleaning our surfaces, making sure we're washing our hands, and making sure we're staying six feet away from people — that's how we will most protect ourselves from this disease," Adams said on NBC Wednesday morning. Adams also called on healthy Americans to donate blood. "You can still go out and give blood. We're worried about potential blood shortages in the future. Social distancing does not have to mean social disengagement," he said. The American Red Cross announced on Tuesday that it is facing a "severe blood shortage" due to an "unprecedented number of blood drive cancellations" in response to the coronavirus outbreak. Such cancellations have resulted in about 86,000 fewer blood donations, according to the Red Cross.
WS5e71ef85a3101282172802b2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e71ef85a3101282172802b2.html	2020-03-18	Beijing adds 11 imported cases of novel coronavirus by noon Wednesday	A staff member wears protective gear at the temperature check station of the arrival hall in Beijing Capital International Airport, on March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Beijing added 11 imported cases of the novel coronavirus pneumonia in 12 hours from midnight to noon on Wednesday, bringing the total number of infections coming from overseas to 54, the Beijing municipal government said on Wednesday. Of the 11 newly confirmed cases, five patients are from Spain, four from the United Kingdom, and one each from Brazil and Luxembourg, Xu Hejian, an official with the Beijing government said during a news conference. Beijing has recorded no locally transmitted cases since March 7, but the number of imported cases, first detected on Feb 29, has been on the rise, according to Xu. "The epidemic control situation is extremely complicated, leaving no room for mishaps. More strict and rigorous measures should be taken to control the virus," he said. Xu added that the Beijing government has strengthened communication with civil aviation and railway authorities to ensure a closed loop for transferring inbound travelers. Authorities have also converted a giant exhibition center in the city's suburban Shunyi district into a designated hub to facilitate handling of returnees from overseas. Inbound travelers who exhibit no relevant symptoms at airports or other ports will be sent to the hub where special work groups dispatched by their home region authorities are on site to help further transfer them, Xu said. Beijing also has registered three new suspected cases in inbound travelers on Wednesday by 12 pm, with two from Austria and one from Hungary. Some imported infections occurred with Chinese students studying abroad in countries affected by the virus, according to Pang Xinghuo, deputy director of Beijing's disease prevention and control center. In one case briefed during the news conference, a 22-year-old female originally from Chengdu, Southwest China's Sichuan province, began feeling a headache and a sore throat on March 6 in London. She boarded a plane departing from London on Sunday, transferred in Moscow, and eventually landed in Beijing on Monday. She was confirmed as contracting the virus one day later. Another 27-year-old Chinese female studying in Manchester, the United Kingdom, flew out of the country on Sunday and arrived in Beijing on Monday after a layover in Singapore. Her diagnosis was confirmed on Tuesday. In another case imported from Spain, a 41-year-old man, who traveled from Beijing to Spain and Brazil from March 1 to 14, was immediately put under medical observation due to his travel history. He started exhibiting feverish symptoms on Monday and was also diagnosed on Tuesday. Pang said the three patients are either minor or moderate cases and are under treatment in designated hospitals. Thirty-seven close-contacts who have been tracked down so far are undergoing medical observation in centralized facilities.
WS5e71dfcea310128217280232	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e71dfcea310128217280232.html	2020-03-18	French health minister: could hope for slowdown in coronavirus infections in 8-12 days	  A French police officer controls a bystander in Belleville neighborhood as a lockdown imposed to slow the rate of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) contagion started at midday in all the country, in Paris, France, March 17, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS - France could hope to start seeing a slowdown of coronavirus infections in about eight to 12 days following the government's decision to lock down the country, health minister Olivier Veran said on Wednesday. "We will intervene where necessary to make sure people respect the confinement. When I look outside my window, I see that gradually people are getting the message," Veran told LCI TV. Reuters
WS5e71c7bda3101282172801a0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e71c7bda3101282172801a0.html	2020-03-18	Australia declares emergency, warns coronavirus crisis could last six months	A notice to customers regarding product shortages is seen in a grocery store amidst fears of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Sydney, Australia, March 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Wednesday declared a "human biosecurity emergency" and said the country's citizens should abandon all overseas travel because of the coronavirus epidemic that he warned could last at least six months. The formal declaration gives the government the power to close off cities or regions, impose curfews and order people to quarantine, if deemed necessary to contain the spread of the virus. The upgrade in official advice to an unprecedented "Level 4: Do not travel" to any country in the world, was accompanied by a ban on any non-essential indoor gatherings of more than 100 people. "Life is changing in Australia, as it is changing all around the world," Morrison said during a televised news conference. "Life is going to continue to change, as we deal with the global coronavirus. This is a once in a hundred year type event." Australia has recorded more than 500 coronavirus infections and six deaths, a relatively small number compared to other countries, but officials are growing increasingly concerned about the prospect of an exponential rise in cases. New South Wales, the country's most populous state, reported its biggest one-day surge in new cases on Wednesday, along with the country's latest death, an 86-year-old man who died in a Sydney hospital. Morrison said the tighter ban on indoor social gatherings, down to 100 people from 500 people, did not include essential services like schools, public transport and shopping centres. The Australian leader cited expert health guidance as the rationale for keeping schools open, a strategy that has been questioned by some experts. Several private schools have made the unilateral decision to close ahead of the upcoming Easter break. Morrison reiterated the need for social distancing and good hand hygiene to curb the spread of the virus and announced restricted access to aged care homes. Anybody who travels during a Level 4 ban is warned that the Australian government may not be able to assist if they get into trouble while abroad, according the government's official SmartTraveller website. It also recommends people already in a "do not travel" area consider leaving. Shortly before Morrison's statement, the government unveiled a A$$715 million ($430 million) aid package for airlines, including waivers on domestic air traffic control fees. Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd has suspended all international flights from March 30 to June 14, while Qantas Airways Ltd has cut its international capacity by 90%. The widening restrictions on travel and domestic movement are expected to take a significant toll on Australia's tourism, retail and entertainment sectors. Economists are predicting the country will slip into its first recession in nearly three decades in the first half of 2020, prompting a rapid jump in unemployment. Reuters
WS5e71c6a1a310128217280199	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e71c6a1a310128217280199.html	2020-03-18	Recovered coronavirus patients set to leave rehab center	Zhang Boli, center, from the Chinese Academy of Engineering and president of Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, feels the pulse and looks at the tongue of a recovered novel coronavirus patient at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. A total of 195 recovered patients are currently staying at the facility, and 34 of them will be discharged on Thursday. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Zhang Boli, center, from the Chinese Academy of Engineering and president of Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, feels the pulse and looks at the tongue of a recovered novel coronavirus patient at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Zhang Boli, center, from the Chinese Academy of Engineering and president of Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, looks at the CT scan of a recovered novel coronavirus patient at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Zhang Boli, from the Chinese Academy of Engineering and president of Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, writes a prescription at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Liu Qingquan, center, head of the Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine affiliated with Capital Medical University, looks at the CT scan of a recovered novel coronavirus patient at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Liu Qingquan, center, head of the Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine affiliated with Capital Medical University, feels the pulse of a recovered novel coronavirus patient at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] A worker disinfects public areas at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Recovered novel coronavirus patients wait in lines at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Recovered novel coronavirus patients wait in lines at a rehabilitation center in Jiangxia district of Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 18, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e718ca3a310128217280061	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e718ca3a310128217280061.html	2020-03-18	Practice shows effectiveness of TCM in coronavirus treatment	A doctor soaks packs of traditional Chinese medicine before boiling them at the Sixth Hospital of Wuhan in Hubei province on Saturday. WANG JING/CHINA DAILY Clinical practice has proven traditional Chinese medicine has been effective in Wuhan in preventing and treating novel coronavirus pneumonia. As was already generally known, TCM helps not only to prevent diseases from spreading, but also to stop the development of diseases. During my years here in China, I have personally experienced the health benefits. While new drugs and vaccines to fight and prevent COVID-19 are still under development, time and lives can be saved by improving our own immunity using TCM. All-around use of it is key to extinguish the fire at very beginning and stop the spread. Now that this epidemic is under control in China, the country is ready to share its experience using TCM with the international community. Many countries are now in a situation similar to the one Wuhan already went through, and other countries are heading towards it. In past months, I have persisted and stood tall with Chinese citizens in Wuhan. Now, fully aware China's research and development in curing and containing COVID-19 by using TCM is crucial, it is my goal to help promote these findings outside China. I can do this by encouraging my compatriots in Belgium and its surrounding European countries to include TCM in their battle against this devastating epidemic. I care about the well-being of all people now in the midst of this crisis in my home country. Furthermore, many of my friends there are hospital workers and it is extremely important to protect this vital group. If China's medical experience can play an important role in achieving this goal, we must do our utmost to convey TCM to the new outbreak centers. Therefore I would like to make a warm, urgent appeal to healthcare institutions and doctors to incorporate TCM in treating, curbing and preventing COVID-19. In doing so the secret weapon that has helped Wuhan win the fight against this virus, can be deployed on new epidemic battlefields. Jerry Van Oudenhove, from Belgium, is a Foreign Language College teacher at Wuhan University of Bioengineering. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.    
WS5e7188a3a31012821727ffef	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e7188a3a31012821727ffef.html	2020-03-18	White House seeks $1.2 tln stimulus package amid coronavirus fallout: media	  US President Donald Trump addresses the daily coronavirus (COVID-19) briefing at the White House in Washington, US, March 17, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - The White House is seeking a stimulus package worth as much as $1.2 trillion in spending, including direct payments to Americans, to cushion the US economy from coronavirus fallout, according to local media. The Trump administration had been discussing a total aid package of 850 billion dollars, but discussions later included spending as much as $1.2 trillion, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin pitched 250 billion dollars in checks to be sent at the end of April with a second set of checks totaling 500 billion dollars four weeks later if there is still a national emergency, according to Bloomberg. The development came after the Trump administration on Tuesday expressed its intent to offer cash payments for working Americans as part of an economic stimulus package in response to the coronavirus outbreak. "We're looking at sending checks to Americans immediately," Mnuchin said at a White House press briefing. "And I mean now, in the next two weeks." When asked how much the cash payments could be, Mnuchin told reporters that he is meeting with lawmakers on the issue, adding that it "maybe a little bit bigger than in the past." The stimulus plan also came as the US Federal Reserve on Sunday cut its benchmark interest rate by a full percentage point to near zero and pledged to increase its bond holdings by at least 700 billion dollars amid mounting fears over the coronavirus outbreak. Economists have argued that compared with monetary policy, fiscal policy will play a more important role to cushion the economy from coronavirus fallout. "The leading role falls to the fiscal authorities to craft a response to the humanitarian crisis and the economic cost," Tim Duy, professor of the University of Oregon and a long-time Fed watcher, wrote recently in a blog post. "So far, the response has been woefully lacking." Fed Chairman Jerome Powell on Sunday also urged fiscal authorities to take actions to prop up the economy. "Fiscal policy is a way to direct relief to particular populations and groups," said the Fed chief. "We do think fiscal response is critical, and we're happy to see that those measures are being considered, and we hope that they are effective."
WS5e717923a31012821727fee6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e717923a31012821727fee6.html	2020-03-18	Spain unveils 'unprecedented' 200 bln euros coronavirus package	A girl wearing a protective mask leaves the HUCA (Central University Hospital of Asturias) amidst a 15-day state of emergency declared to combat the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Oviedo, Spain, March 17, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MADRID - Spain announced a massive 200 billion euros ($220 billion) package to help companies and protect workers and other vulnerable groups affected by the spiralling coronavirus crisis. Police carried out checks at borders with France and Portugal, turning back foreigners attempting to enter Spain as part of strict measures to stem the spread of the coronavirus in Europe's second worst-hit country. Half of the assistance measures, which are worth 20% of Spain's economic output, are state-backed credit guarantees for companies, and the rest includes loans and aid for vulnerable people. Spanish stocks rose by more than 6% after the announcement. Reuters
WS5e71581ea31012821727fe02	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e71581ea31012821727fe02.html	2020-03-18	White House seeks $1.2t stimulus package amid coronavirus fallout: media	  US President Donald Trump addresses the daily coronavirus (COVID-19) briefing at the White House in Washington, US, March 17, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - The White House is seeking a stimulus package worth as much as $1.2 trillion in spending, including direct payments to Americans, to cushion the US economy from coronavirus fallout, according to local media. The Trump administration had been discussing a total aid package of 850 billion dollars, but discussions later included spending as much as $1.2 trillion, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin pitched $250 billion in checks to be sent at the end of April with a second set of checks totaling $500 billion our weeks later if there is still a national emergency, according to Bloomberg. The development came after the Trump administration on Tuesday expressed its intent to offer cash payments for working Americans as part of an economic stimulus package in response to the coronavirus outbreak. "We're looking at sending checks to Americans immediately," Mnuchin said at a White House press briefing. "And I mean now, in the next two weeks." When asked how much the cash payments could be, Mnuchin told reporters that he is meeting with lawmakers on the issue, adding that it "maybe a little bit bigger than in the past." The stimulus plan also came as the US Federal Reserve on Sunday cut its benchmark interest rate by a full percentage point to near zero and pledged to increase its bond holdings by at least $700 billion amid mounting fears over the coronavirus outbreak. Economists have argued that compared with monetary policy, fiscal policy will play a more important role to cushion the economy from coronavirus fallout. "The leading role falls to the fiscal authorities to craft a response to the humanitarian crisis and the economic cost," Tim Duy, professor of the University of Oregon and a long-time Fed watcher, wrote recently in a blog post. "So far, the response has been woefully lacking." Fed Chairman Jerome Powell on Sunday also urged fiscal authorities to take actions to prop up the economy. "Fiscal policy is a way to direct relief to particular populations and groups," said the Fed chief. "We do think fiscal response is critical, and we're happy to see that those measures are being considered, and we hope that they are effective."
WS5e7171b3a31012821727fe9f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e7171b3a31012821727fe9f.html	2020-03-18	NBA Kevin Durant tests positive for coronavirus	Brooklyn Nets forward Kevin Durant (7) after the game against the Oklahoma City Thunder at Barclays Center, New York, Jan 7, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] NEW YORK - Brooklyn Nets forward Kevin Durant has tested positive for coronavirus, the Athletic reported on Tuesday, less than a week after the global outbreak prompted the suspension of the NBA season. "Everyone be careful, take care of yourself and quarantine. We're going to get through this," 10-time NBA All-Star Durant was quoted as saying. The Nets had said earlier on Tuesday that four of its players were isolated and under the care of team physicians after testing positive for coronavirus but did not identify the individuals. Durant signed with the Nets last summer but has been sidelined by an Achilles injury sustained during last season's NBA Finals when he was playing for the Golden State Warriors. "The organization is currently notifying anyone who has had known contact with the players, including recent opponents, and is working closely with state and local health authorities on reporting," the team said. "All players and members of the Nets travel party are being asked to remain isolated, closely monitor their health and maintain constant communication with team medical staff." Three of the players were asymptomatic while one was showing symptoms of the rapidly-spreading virus days after the Utah Jazz reported that two of its players had tested positive for coronavirus. The Nets last played against the Lakers in Los Angeles on March 10. A day later, the league suspended its season until further notice, as the coronavirus pandemic hit major sporting events across the globe. Reuters
WS5e716bfba310a2fabb7a2fba	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e716bfba310a2fabb7a2fba.html	2020-03-18	Coronavirus - a survivor's story	When Sun Jihong, 69, caught the COVID-19 virus, her world turned upside down - she was certain she would die. But, after 16 soul-destroying days of intensive treatment at a hospital in Wuhan, she survived. She still can't really believe it all, including the reality that she walked out of the hospital ward, healed. The bug hit hard and fast - coughing, moderate diarrhea, reduced and yellowish urine. She felt weak. She called her daughter, a physician. "She rushed home and took me to hospital for a chest X-ray," says Sun. The lung imaging confirmed she had the coronavirus. Beds in nearly every nearby hospital were bursting at the seams. Hundreds of people had the virus. Luckily, for Sun, her daughter helped her find one. "I was immediately put into intensive care, quite unconscious." She woke up the next day - a little better than the day before. Heavy doses of intravenous followed. "I lay on the bed, alone. My breathing was labored and I was too feeble to move. I was attached to several cold, life-support machines, with a dozen drip bottles hanging above me. I stared at the white ceiling and could feel tears rolling down my cheeks." Sun confessed to shedding endless tears on her sickbed. Word spread that many people were dying of the disease. She fell into despair. "I never thought I could make it. It was debilitating and intimidating," she sobbed. She rolled up her sleeve, revealing an unhealed bruise resulting from the injections. "I made end-of-life wishes. I even told my daughter where my jewelry was kept, and gave her the lock codes to my safe boxes." Every time Sun talked about death, her daughter told her to stop and wouldn't let her mother even think about death. "I lost count of how many times I had wept. I thought a lot. I thought about my beloved grandson, who grew up with me. He likes 'grandma food'. His favorite dish is sauteed beef or lamb with vegetables that I often cooked for him. Once, he invited his friends over, I treated them with barbecue. They liked it so much He won't be able to eat my food anymore," says Sun, fighting back tears. "I thought about my ill husband. He has been paralyzed on his right side for over 21 years. He had a cerebral hemorrhage. He depends on me. And I was leaving him I shouldn't have been impatient with him sometimes, snapped at him and complained so much" Life-threatening illnesses like COVID-19 are not anything like stresses we brush off every day, says Ivan Mak Wing-chit, chairman of the Public Awareness Committee at the Hong Kong College of Psychiatrists. "It's a trauma. Ordinary life stresses can be handled easily. It won't be like that for people with COVID-19, he says. Mak, who has been following up on SARS survivors, says some patients never fully recover from such a disease because it leaves heavy emotional scars, capable of wielding physical damage. Emotionally struggling Patients have some initial mental disturbance after a sudden, traumatic emergency. That's "acute stress reaction". It's like post-traumatic stress. The symptoms are very much alike. The difference is that the acute stress normally hangs on for the first couple of weeks. Post-traumatic stress can last for years or even for the rest of a person's life. Acute stress comes in the first month after a trauma, followed by intense fear and emotional distress. The illness itself is the primary trigger but there can be others. Factors in the environment can make things worse. Compulsory quarantine and isolation, absence of social support, when the patient needs treatment in seclusion, are a few examples. Another could be deficient medical care, such as, in the present situation, patients realizing their doctors have very limited resources to help because the disease is new to them too, and doctors have to make the "best guesses" for treatment. Personality too plays a part. Some individuals are chronically prone to anxiety and have greater acute stress reaction than others, says May Lam, a psychiatry specialist in Hong Kong. The vulnerable group often shares a "high trait anxiety" personality, which means they tend to report fears, worries, and other anxieties across situations in life when most people would barely react. However, anxiety starts to twist their thinking. They're likely to fixate on negative thoughts, looking for the worst. Technically, these are known as "catastrophic thoughts", says Mak. Because they lean toward the negative, they tend to amplify their fears or dwell on the sources of their stress. Their mood worsens, so does the intensity of catastrophic thoughts. It creates a vicious cycle. Finally, stress can overwhelm a person. But how? Mak uses an analogy to explain. "There's a scale balance in us. On the negative side are insecurity and even the threat of loss of life. On the positive side is the person's ability to cope and benefit from the support of others." If a stress victim feels the support is inadequate, whether from family members who're unable to see or talk to them, or from doctors who aren't certain of how to treat the patient, the balance is tipped toward the negative. Then, stress really takes hold. Despite Sun's melancholy and resignation to defeat, she reacted well to treatment. She thinks it's because of her sound health before she got sick. On Feb 21, her nucleic acid tests turned out negative. The infection was gone and she was discharged from hospital. She had to stay isolated for another 14 days before going home and so the authorities took her to a designated hotel for another period of solitary life. March 5 was the big day. She went home. The period preceding that moment had been emotional roller-coaster ride. There was a final nucleic acid test to ensure the virus was well and truly gone. "I had been waiting for the result for a good part of the day. I fidgeted around my room. I started betting that the result must be positive Oh My I thought if I'm sent back to the hospital, it will be my death sentence. I cried my eyes out," wept Sun as if she was transported to that stressful day. "At around 3:30 pm, the result came out. My heart settled, heaving a long sigh of relief. I felt so good" She counts herself the winner of the hardest fight in her life. "I thank my daughter for hauling me back from death's grip. I gave her life 43 years ago, and today she saved my life," says Sun, grateful, for a new lease on life. After her brush with death, she now cherishes life more than ever. "I'll take good care of my husband, my life's companion. He hasn't had a good bath since I was hospitalized." Some people do get back to normal after the initial stress. Some don't. They may have flashbacks and a wide malaise of general numbness. They try to shut out thoughts of the trauma, withdrawing from others, even to the point where they no longer make eye contact with others. Mak talked about one of his patients who recovered from SARS, but remains emotionally scarred. During the outbreak, she and her spouse were infected. Her husband was seriously ill and transferred to intensive care unconscious. Her condition was mild. Both survived. Years later, the wife started experiencing flashbacks. "Flashbacks are different from ordinary memories," notes Mak. With normal memories we just recall what happened and acknowledge it was all in the past. People with flashbacks believe they're right there, going through the most frightening experiences in their lives - in real time. The more the woman tried to force the dreadful memories from her mind, the more intense they became. The woman had bouts of shortness of breath. Flashbacks can lead to psychical harm, Mak warns, including muscle tension, breathing difficulties, headaches, chest pains and gastrointestinal discomforts. Scars imprinted Yu Chengbo led the first group of medical responders from Zhejiang province into one of Wuhan's worst-hit districts. They got there on the first day of the Spring Festival and started working right away. Yu is head physician at the First Affiliated Hospital, College of Medicine of Zhejiang University. Yu and his team worked on the frontline, day and night. He was taken aback by the mental state of the patients, their hysteria and open hostility. He was stunned and injured. There was one man, in his 40's, Yu recounted. The man's symptoms were mild, but he was distressed over his elderly parents. He was their support, their breadwinner. His sense of helplessness plagued as he lay sick. Yu spoke about the man's getting down on his knees begging the doctors to save him. He was inconsolable. "He could barely stay in the ward. He demanded we let him go. "We couldn't, of course. The gates were locked and guarded, which made him feel like a prisoner." His condition deteriorated fast. The next day, he slipped into a coma and was dead on the fifth day. "The disease didn't kill him," says Yu. The man was middle-aged and apart from the infection, healthy. He should have pulled through. "It was his emotional state that killed him." When people are confronted by a traumatic event, if the cause is something invisible or intangible, they incline to direct their fears and hostilities to something tangible. It's a way of coping. In the case Yu cites, the patient could not find an outlet for his fears. Like many other patients, the man came to view doctors almost as if they were connected to his affliction. For some patients, the sight of doctors can remind them they are sick, says Samuel Ho, professor of psychology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Doctors become the embodiment of the disease, and the patients' natural response is "flight". It was excruciating to see the displays of "apathy and indifference" among patients toward the doctors, Yu laments. He believes he can identify the visceral "distrust" of doctors among the patients, from a distinctive smell he learned to recognize. He noticed it in the first couple of days. He remembers that, "when we approached them (patients), they ran away and hid". It is a natural response to potential harm, threat or danger - an evolutionary way of coping with an emergency. This is the well-known theory of "flight or fight" first described by Walter Cannon in 1920s. "When one is in trouble, he could be extremely anxious to the point that he avoids everybody," explains Mak. The release of stress hormones from our adrenaline glands, followed by physiological changes, notably increasing the heart rate and blood pressure, is a critical part of natural self-defense, notes Lam. That helps us to better prepare for the imminent threat and danger. But if the stress hormone is released in excess, especially in the case of COVID-19, where there's too much unpredictability and uncertainty to be mentally prepared, the stress and anxiety can be unbearable. "The excessive anxiety, eventually, will affect our immune system, doing us no good to fight the illness," she says. Amid the slew of psychological issues that COVID-19 patients experience, Mak reckons it may be too much for frontline staff to juggle between treatment of the illness and mental health service. Lam encourages online psychological counseling in situations like COVID-19. "Bringing their family members in, for example, allowing them to have video calls sometimes or bringing them up to date on their families' matters, could be the best antidote for their emotional trauma," says Mak. All in all, we can't disregard the mental scars left for COVID-19 patients. The disease will be under control, but many, really, may never recover as the mental and emotional scars bring them pain. Contact the writer at jenny@chinadailyhk.com  
WS5e716a4fa31012821727fe56	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e716a4fa31012821727fe56.html	2020-03-18	Can plasma from recovered patients give healthy people immunity to coronavirus?	[Photo/VCG] Transfusing plasma from recovered patients, which contain antibodies that are effective against the virus, is an unconventional therapy used to treat severe or critical cases of COVID-19 at a time when vaccines and specific medications against the disease are not yet available, according to the latest guideline on the diagnosis and treatment of the novel coronavirus released by the National Health Commission.  Although plasma therapy is effective on some severe patients, it doesn't mean that it can be adopted as a preventative measure for healthy people to gain immunity, said Wu Yuzhang, director of the Institute of Immunology of the People's Liberation Army.  Since the novel coronavirus is mainly transmitted through the respiratory tract, antibodies should be deployed on the respiratory mucous membrane to keep the virus from infecting cells. There is no evidence that the plasma from a recovered patient has such an effect, he said.  Also, the plasma from the recovered patients contain not only antibodies that are effective against the novel coronavirus, but also other types of antibodies, cytokines and plasma proteins, which may cause allergies and autoimmune diseases. What's more, plasma donated from recovered COVID-19 patients is in short supply and involves a complicated processing procedure and high costs, therefore it is not viewed as a viable method for healthy people to get immunity to the virus. For the general public, preventive precautions such as wearing masks and keeping a safe distance from others are better ways to prevent ourselves from getting the virus.
WS5e715670a31012821727fdf3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/18/WS5e715670a31012821727fdf3.html	2020-03-18	Viral Videos with Ryan: Dig deeper about the novel coronavirus	James Ryan Nolton is a foreign language teacher from the United States who has lived in China for more than three years. He came to visit friends during Spring Festival and stayed in Beijing during the novel coronavirus outbreak. Ryan compares several cases of viral outbreaks that have had a large impact around the world in the past century and explains why people are afraid of viruses through comparison of data, prevention and control measures, time and other factors. Ryan also gives positive examples of patients in makeshift hospitals in Wuhan to demonstrate the difficulties in controlling the epidemic. He claims optimism is the best immunity. Ryan's parents in the United States were very worried about his safety. While chatting with his parents through video, Ryan found they had many misunderstandings about the epidemic. They also don't know much about China's current situation. In order to reassure relatives and friends in faraway places, Ryan decided to shoot a short video by himself, record the people's living conditions during the epidemic and show the real situation he saw and felt. It also allows more netizens to make a rational and scientific judgment on the epidemic.
WS5e70d59da31012821727fd9e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70d59da31012821727fd9e.html	2020-03-17	Xi says China is ready to help international community fight coronavirus	Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the Beijing Ditan Hospital, a designated institution treating the novel coronavirus pneumonial in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China stands ready to join hands with the international community to fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak in order to uphold global health security, President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday. Xi made the remarks in a telephone conversation with Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez. On behalf of the Chinese government and people, Xi extended his sincere sympathies to the Spanish government and people over the outbreak. Xi said that China wants to work with the rest of the world to turn the risks posed by the outbreak into an opportunity and act with openness and cooperation to cope with the impact of the epidemic. Thanks to the arduous efforts by the whole nation, China's measures to control the epidemic have produced positive results, he said, adding the country has gone out of the most difficult and challenging time. Noting the outbreak has taken place in many countries in the world, Xi said China is willing to develop international cooperation on epidemic control and provide assistance within its reach. Tuesday marked the third day that Spain has been under a state of emergency, which was declared by Sanchez late on Saturday night. The number of confirmed cases of coronavirus rose to 11,178 on Tuesday, according to Spain's health ministry. In Europe, the number of infections has surpassed 50,000 and more than 2,000 deaths were reported as of Monday. Italy, the worst-hit nation in Europe, reported 27,980 cases as of Tuesday, with its death toll exceeding 2,000. French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday widened steps already taken to fight "a sanitary war" against the pandemic, ordering border closures, air traffic suspension, and tougher restrictions on movement. The country reported 6,633 infections and 148 deaths as of Monday. From Tuesday noon and for at least two weeks, people across French cities can move around only for work, health needs or shopping for necessities, Macron said. "France is going through a difficult time. No one can predict precisely the duration (of the epidemic)," he said. In Russia, foreign nationals and stateless people will be denied entry from Wednesday to May 1. The ban will not apply to diplomatic representatives, among other categories of people, according to a document signed by Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin. The website of the Russian government showed that the country had 93 cases of the virus so far. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday called for an end to non-essential contact and travel as the country steps up its battle against the spread of the virus. School closures are not yet planned, but where possible, Johnson said people should work from home and avoid pubs, clubs and theaters as the country enters a period of fast growth in infections. As of Monday, the UK has reported 1,543 cases of infection, with 53 deaths. Ren Qiin Moscow, Xinhua and agencies contributed to this story.
WS5e70d18aa31012821727fd9a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70d18aa31012821727fd9a.html	2020-03-17	Patient, 103, discharged from hospital after novel coronavirus treatment	A 103-year-old patient who contracted novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, has been discharged from a hospital after recovery on Monday. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] A 103-year-old patient who contracted novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, has been discharged from a hospital after recovery on Monday. The female patient, whose name is unknown, was confirmed as contracting the virus on March 3, and was sent to the Wuhan Third Hospital, for medical treatment, the newspaper reported, adding she is the oldest confirmed case so far. Though her symptoms were mild, the hospital arranged for her to be treated in its intensive care unit, given her age and health condition. Apart from giving anti-viral and anti-infection treatment, the hospital made sure she got enough nutrition, said Fu Shouzhi, director of the hospital's intensive care unit. Nurses taking care of her used an electric rice cooker to make things she likes to eat, such as millet porridge with ham and yogurt with fruits, to ensure her nutrition. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Nurses taking care of her used an electric rice cooker to make things she likes to eat, such as millet porridge with ham and yogurt with fruits, to ensure her nutrition, Fu said. After being discharged from the hospital, the patient was sent to a quarantine site for medical observation.
WS5e70cc6fa31012821727fd8d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70cc6fa31012821727fd8d.html	2020-03-17	Euro 2020 postponed until 2021 due to coronavirus: UEFA	  Travellers pass by a logo of the 2020 UEFA European Football Championship displayed on a wall inside Bucharest Henri Coanda International Airport, in Otopeni, Romania, March 16, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS - There will be no Euro 2020, but it will be replaced by Euro 2021. UEFA confirmed on Tuesday that the European Championship scheduled to take place in June and July this year, will be postponed until 2021 over the concerns of the rapid spreading of COVID-19. The proposed new dates for the 24-team tournament are June 11 to July 11, 2021. The decision came after a video conference held by UEFA, involving representatives of its 55 member associations, together with the boards of the European Club Association and the European Leagues and a representative of FIFPro. "UEFA today announced the postponement of its flagship national team competition, UEFA Euro 2020, due to be played in June and July this year. The health of all those involved in the game is the priority, as well as to avoid placing any unnecessary pressure on national public services involved in staging matches. The move will help all domestic competitions, currently on hold due to the COVID-19 emergency, to be completed," the governing body of European football said in a statement. The outbreak of COVID-19 has brought huge blows to world sports including football in Europe, as all UEFA competitions and matches (including friendlies) for clubs and national teams for both men and women have been put on hold until further notice. The Euro 2020 play-off matches and international friendlies, scheduled for the end of March, will now be played in the international window at the start of June, subject to a review of the situation, the UEFA said. "We are at the helm of a sport that vast numbers of people live and breathe that has been laid low by this invisible and fast-moving opponent. It is at times like these, that the football community needs to show responsibility, unity, solidarity and altruism," UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin said when announcing the decision. "The health of fans, staff and players has to be our number one priority and in that spirit, UEFA tabled a range of options so that competitions can finish this season safely," Ceferin said. "Moving Euro 2020 comes at a huge cost for UEFA, but we will do our best to ensure that the vital funding for grassroots, women's football and the development of the game in our 55 countries (and regions) is not affected."
WS5e70b23ea31012821727fd5a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70b23ea31012821727fd5a.html	2020-03-17	Research submit applications for human trials of novel coronavirus vaccine	[Photo/Agencies] Chinese researchers have submitted rolling applications for conducting human clinical trials on a novel coronavirus vaccine to the National Medical Products Administration, and will launch clinical trials after gaining approval, Wang Junzhi, an academician with the Chinese Academy of Engineering, said on Tuesday. The overall progress of vaccine development in China has been smooth, with the fastest researchers having initiated rolling submission for clinical trials, Wang said. The rolling procedure allows researchers to submit portions of the regulatory application in waves to the top drug regulator. In the meantime, researchers have begun formulating and evaluating clinical trial plans, as well as recruiting volunteers, Wang added. China has pinpointed five research priorities in terms of creating a vaccine against the novel coronavirus, and the first batch of nine projects has largely completed necessary research work prior to clinical trials, including efficacy and safety tests on animas, he said. "The majority of research teams will finish preparations for clinical trials by April and are expected to successively roll out applications for clinical trials," Wang said. Global scientists have devoted concerted efforts into creating novel coronavirus vaccines as the pandemic worsens worldwide. Wang said China is in the world-leading tier in vaccine creation. "Multiple departments have intervened, guided and coordinated research efforts to ensure that different aspects of scientific research are being carried out simultaneously, while holding a high standard and guaranteeing safety and efficacy. The mechanism has boosted vaccine development efficiency to the maximum," Wang said.
WS5e70afffa31012821727fd57	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70afffa31012821727fd57.html	2020-03-17	Japanese Olympic Committee deputy chief Kozo Tashima tests positive for coronavirus	TOKYO -- Japanese Olympic Committee deputy head Kozo Tashima Tuesday said he tested positive for coronavirus. Tashima, 62, visited Britain, the Netherlands and the United States from late February to early March. Tashima is also Japan Football Association President.
WS5e709c5fa31012821727fd3a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e709c5fa31012821727fd3a.html	2020-03-17	Head of Japan soccer association tests positive for coronavirus - Kyodo	TOKYO - The head of Japan's soccer association, Kozo Tashima, has tested positive for the coronavirus, Kyodo news agency said, citing unnamed sources. Tashima is also deputy head of Japan's Olympic committee. Reuters
WS5e709a26a31012821727fd32	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e709a26a31012821727fd32.html	2020-03-17	Novel heroes: Airport workers aid fight against coronavirus	None
WS5e708c15a31012821727fcdf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e708c15a31012821727fcdf.html	2020-03-17	Iran has temporarily freed 85,000 prisoners, including political ones, amid coronavirus	DUBAI - Iran has temporarily freed about 85,000 prisoners, including political prisoners, a spokesman for its judiciary said on Tuesday, in response to the coronavirus epidemic. "Some 50% of those released are security-related prisoners ... Also in the jails we have taken precautionary measures to confront the outbreak," said Gholamhossein Esmaili. On March 10, the UN Special Rapporteur on human rights in Iran said he had asked Tehran to free all political prisoners temporarily from its overcrowded and disease-ridden jails to help stem the spread of coronavirus. Reuters
WS5e708666a31012821727fcbd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e708666a31012821727fcbd.html	2020-03-17	Clinical studies complete for coronavirus drug	[Photo/VCG] Chinese researchers have completed clinical studies of favipiravir, which has shown promising clinical application in treating the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Zhang Xinmin, head of the China National Center for Biotechnology Development, said on Tuesday. Comparative experiments have shown patients treated with favipiravir recovered more quickly and their lung conditions were better improved than the control group, he said. Some pharmaceutical enterprises have already obtained drug approval from the State Food and Drug Administration for mass production in February so the supply of favipiravir is guaranteed, he said, adding researchers have already recommended the drug be included in the treatment plan as soon as possible. The Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen in Guangdong province conducted a clinical trial on 80 patients, with 35 receiving the drug. The results have shown patients treated with favipiravir took four days before being tested negative, whereas the control group took 11 days. The lung conditions of 91.43 percent of the treated group have improved as shown in chest imaging, compared with 62.22 percent of the control group, Zhang said. In another comparative experiment on 120 patients conducted by Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, the results have shown the treated group had a higher recovery rate at the end of the treatment and took less time to reduce fever and relieve cough. In terms of safety, Zhang said the drug, developed in Japan and approved for marketing in Japan in 2014, has shown no obvious adverse effects since listing nor in clinical research on the treatment of COVID-19. "In view of the safety, obvious efficacy and availability of the drug, researchers have officially recommended favipiravir to medical teams and suggested it be included in the treatment plan as soon as possible," he said. Zhang said the research team will further promote the application of their research results in Wuhan, Hubei province, and will promote the Chinese treatment plan in response to the current global pandemic situation.
WS5e7081a6a31012821727fca6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e7081a6a31012821727fca6.html	2020-03-17	What kills novel coronavirus?	Editor's note: In the seventh guideline on the diagnosis and treatment of the novel coronavirus released by the National Health Commission, several substances are listed as effective ways to inactivate the coronavirus. Let's have a careful check and listen to its advice. A staff member uses ultraviolet light to disinfect banknotes at the Taiyuan branch of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank in Taiyuan, North China's Shanxi province, on March 11, 2020. [Photo by Hu Yuanjia/For chinadaily.com.cn] 1. Ultraviolet light The novel coronavirus is sensitive to ultraviolet light, so ultraviolet radiation can effectively eliminate the virus. But UV lamps should not be used to sterilize hands or other areas of skin, as the radiation can cause skin irritation. [Photo/Sipa] 2. Heat The novel coronavirus is vulnerable to heat, but can only become inactive after exposure to a temperature of 56 C for more than 30 minutes. [Photo/taobao.com] 3. Some certain disinfectants There are some chemical disinfectants that can kill the virus on surfaces. These include chlorine-based disinfectants, ether solvents, 75 percent ethanol, peracetic acid and chloroform.
WS5e708185a31012821727fc9f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e708185a31012821727fc9f.html	2020-03-17	Time for the world to unite to fight coronavirus pandemic	An employee of Baishitong International Travel Service disinfects a pickup truck the company uses for its food delivery business in Shiyan, Hubei province. [Photo provided to China Daily] A spokesman for China's foreign ministry, Zhao Lijian, tweeted on Friday that "it might be the US army" that brought the coronavirus to China, giving an official boost to a conspiracy theory that had been allowed to circulate on Chinese social media for weeks. The conspiracy posits that 300 athletes from the US military who last October attended the 7th Military World Games in Wuhan, where the epidemic first broke out, were infected with the virus, causing it to spread in China. Zhao's comment accompanied a video from a US congressional hearing last week on the country's response to the epidemic. Robert Redfield, director of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), said in the video that some patients who were previously thought to have died from the flu were found to have actually died from the coronavirus. The video began trending on Chinese social network Weibo, with many commenting that they now firmly believe that the US has covered up facts related to the disease. The US sees China as a threat to its unique superpower status. China's economic growth had been expected to surpass the US in a few years, and the US has taken all possible measures to halt Chinese growth. The US launched a trade war to "contain" China and slapped hi-tech giant Huawei with sanctions. On top of that, the US put sanctions on important Chinese nationals, preventing them from travelling to the US. Chinese students are under scrutiny and facing severe difficulties there. Confucius Institutes, outlets for Chinese culture and language, have been targeted. But can the US go that far? It's beyond our imagination. The media has been used extensively to defame and bash China. Even at this very critical time, when China is immersed in the fight against Coronavirus, the US and its allies, and some Western media made derogatory remarks and published fake and humiliating news like "Sick Man of Asia", "Made in China", the Chinese flag with 5 Coronavirus instead of 5 golden stars, and so on. The US has been using all tools at its disposal to counter China, including diplomatic, political, economic, social, and science and technology, including the health sector. If evidence proves that the origin of the coronavirus was the US, and it was a deliberate attempt to "contain China", it might be really embarrassing for the whole world. The coronavirus outbreak has not only harmed China, but already spread to over 135 countries and taken precious human lives around the globe. This must be a crime against humanity. Even the coming generation will also hate such heinous crimes. The spread of coronavirus has already been declared a pandemic and the whole world is on high alert. All nations are taking preventive measures to stop its spread and utilizing all possible resources at their disposal. China is the only nation that has had visible success in overcoming the outbreak. Chinese experiences may be utilized as "best practices" to defeat the outbreak. China is a mature nation and a very responsible state. It is also a global power that recognizes its global obligations. The Chinese are generous people and will seek to cooperate with all nations. According to WHO, the global death toll has now reached 5,720, while 152,428 cases have been confirmed as of Sunday morning, and those figures continue to rise. In China, it has been almost brought under control, and casualities have dropped to almost single digits. Life has been returning to normal and economic activities are being partially resumed. Meanwhile, the epicenter has shifted to Italy, and the whole of Europe is facing a huge threat. The rate of spread in Europe and America is rapid and society is in a state of massive panic. Grocery shops are flooded with customers and people are stockpiling food and basic living necessities. Some countries are facing a shortage of medical supplies, hygiene products and food. People are in a panic and quarrelling with each other over petty issues. Under this scenario, we should not fight with each other but fight against the pandemic. Join hands and defeat our common enemy - Covid-19. Respect humanity! Rescue human life!
WS5e7077a7a31012821727fc63	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e7077a7a31012821727fc63.html	2020-03-17	Shandong develops key equipment for critically-ill coronavirus patients	None
WS5e707545a31012821727fc49	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e707545a31012821727fc49.html	2020-03-17	First human trial for coronavirus vaccine starts in US	FILE PHOTO: National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Director doctor Anthony Fauci speaks about the public health response to the outbreak of the coronavirus during a news conference at the Department of Health and Human Services in Washington, US, January 28, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON -- A clinical trial to evaluate a vaccine designed against the novel coronavirus started on Monday, a US health official confirmed. "The vaccine candidate that was given the first injections for the first person took place today," Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), told reporters at a White House briefing on Monday. The trial has begun at Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute (KPWHRI) in Seattle, and is funded by the NIAID, part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The open-label trial enrolling 45 healthy adult volunteers aged 18-55 got its first participant receiving the investigational vaccine Monday, according to an NIH statement. The study is evaluating different doses of the experimental vaccine for its safety and ability to induce an immune response in participants. This is the first of multiple steps in the clinical trial process to evaluate the potential benefit of the vaccine. "This Phase 1 study, launched in record speed, is an important first step" toward achieving the goal of finding a safe and effective vaccine to prevent COVID-19 infection, Fauci said. Study participants will receive two doses of the vaccine, which does not contain the virus itself, via intramuscular injection in the upper arm approximately 28 days apart, according to NIH. Participants will be asked to return to the clinic for follow-up visits between vaccinations and be followed across the span of a year after the second shot, said Fauci. Lisa Jackson, senior investigator at KPWHRI, who led the Phase 1 trial, said this work is critical to national efforts to respond to the threat of this emerging virus. The vaccine is called mRNA-1273 and was developed by NIAID scientists and their collaborators at the biotechnology company Moderna, Inc., based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Dozens of research groups around the world are racing to create a vaccine as COVID-19 cases continue to grow. Peter Hotez, professor and dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine (BCM) in Houston, Texas, told Xinhua his group at the Texas Children's Hospital Center for Vaccine Development at BCM is working to develop a vaccine in collaboration with other US institutions such as the University of Texas Medical Branch, and the New York Blood Center, and with the Virology Center at Fudan University in Shanghai, China. "This is a great collaboration," Hotez said in an interview with Xinhua. "But vaccine development is not a fast process, and it's not clear whether we would have a vaccine ready to use before this current epidemic ends." According to Fauci, even if initial safety tests go well, it may take about a year to 18 months before any vaccine could be ready for public use. The number of COVID-19 cases in the United States topped 4,645 as of Monday afternoon, according to the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University.
WS5e70693ba31012821727fc29	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70693ba31012821727fc29.html	2020-03-17	Kyrgyzstan closes borders over coronavirus	BISHKEK - Kyrgyzstan has banned entry to all foreigners to safeguard against a coronavirus, Deputy Prime Minister Altynai Omurbekova said on Tuesday. Kyrgyzstan has reported no virus cases on its soil, although all its neighbours, except one, have infections.  Reuters  
WS5e7066c8a31012821727fc04	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e7066c8a31012821727fc04.html	2020-03-17	Jack Ma Foundation helps Africa as coronavirus cases rise	Jack Ma. [Photo/Agencies] Jack Ma, Chinese business magnate, investor and philanthropist, has said the Jack Ma Foundation will donate to each one of the 54 African nations 20,000 coronavirus testing kits, 100,000 masks and 1,000 medical use protective suits and face shields. In a statement released on Monday, Jack Ma reiterated his belief that Africa can be one step ahead of the virus. "We cannot ignore the potential risk to Africa and assume this continent of 1.3 billion people will blissfully escape this crisis," Ma said in the statement. "The world cannot afford the unthinkable consequences of a COVID-19 pandemic in Africa." Ma added that his foundation will immediately start working with medical institutions in Africa to provide online training material for coronavirus clinical treatment. Acknowledging the donation earlier on Sunday, Abiy Ahmed, Ethiopia's prime minister who has been selected by the Jack Ma Foundation to manage the logistics and distribution of the supplies to other African countries, thanked Ma for the package which was to benefit all African countries. The Chinese government and Chinese businesses in Africa have continued to offer the much-needed support to member countries as more countries in Africa confirm their first cases of the virus. In a statement released by the Chinese embassy in Kenya after the East African nation confirmed its first case late last week, the embassy said that this is a more important time for countries to step up cooperation and communication to jointly fight the virus. "The Chinese government has offered 2,000 diagnostic kits to the African Union and stands ready to offer more support and assistance to African countries in need," the embassy said in a statement.
WS5e703e76a31012821727fb56	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e703e76a31012821727fb56.html	2020-03-17	In bid to slow coronavirus, Canada shuts borders to foreign nationals	  Few drivers wait to cross through US customs at the Canada-US border near the Peace Arch Historical State Park in Blaine, Washington, US, after Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced additional measures to combat the spread of novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in British Columbia, Canada on March 16, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] OTTAWA - Canada closed its borders to all foreign nationals except US citizens and permanent residents on Monday, with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau urging people to limit social contact to stem the spread of the new coronavirus. Several other countries have taken the same step. The 27-nation European Union proposed shutting its external borders for 30 days on Monday. "We will be denying entry into Canada to people who are not Canadian citizens or permanent residents ... it is a significant step that we take in exceptional circumstances," Trudeau told reporters outside his home, where he is under quarantine after his wife, Sophie, tested positive for the respiratory virus. As the virus' spread accelerates in Canada, Trudeau urged people to stay home and restrict contact with others. "Staying home is an important step to protect the community and each other. We all have to do it," he said. Theresa Tam, Canada's chief public health officer, said that the next two weeks were crucial in trying to stem the outbreak. The death toll in Canada rose to four on Monday from one on Sunday. The number of infected jumped to 407 from the 341 reported at 9 am (1300 GMT) earlier in the day, medical officials said. The new deaths occurred in the same nursing home in the Pacific province of British Columbia, which is directly north of Washington, one of the worst-hit US states. Trade will not be affected by the border closing. Canada shares a long unguarded frontier with the United States, which takes 75% of Canadian goods exports. Asked why US citizens were exempt, Trudeau said the close bilateral integration meant the United States was in a different category from other nations. But he added that more measures could be announced soon. "Both countries rely on each other to provide essential goods ... so it's very important we do this with a degree of precision and in the spirit of a strong relationship," Health Minister Patty Hajdu later told reporters. British Columbia said, however, it was concerned that US citizens would be allowed in. "Our strong message (is) that visitors from the United States not come to British Columbia," said provincial Health Minister Adrian Dix. The border closure helped drive down Air Canada's stock by as much as 38%. Canada will reroute all international flight arrivals to four airports - Toronto, Calgary, Montreal and Vancouver - and has imposed tougher screening. Reuters
WS5e703940a31012821727fad0	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e703940a31012821727fad0.html	2020-03-17	Collective action needed to beat coronavirus	CHINA DAILY "In China's fight against the COVID-19 outbreak, which part impresses you the most?" China's Xinhua News asked via Twitter on Feb 27. If you ask me, it's the solidarity. Everyone was taking precautions and looking out for each other. Everyone wore face masks when they went out, and people did not go out often. "Don't leave your home!" most of my Chinese friends texted me. "Pay attention to health!" Once, when I was running low on face masks, a friend delivered more to me. Everyone was paying attention to winning the people’s fight. Doctors and nurses from across the country volunteered to go to the frontlines in Wuhan. Others, staying in their own hometowns, volunteered to join teams keeping watch over their local communities. Donations flooded into hospitals. This is the kind of solidarity other countries must adopt, too, to defeat coronavirus. We have seen it has been effective in China, as the number of cases continues to decline. Unfortunately, now, many countries in Europe and the United States have higher numbers of new cases than China and a higher caseload as a ratio of population. In the United States, the number of cases has already surpassed 3,300 as of March 15. And it will continue to increase if we do not act now. If Americans follow the model of China, they might still limit the spread. First, Americans need to stop crowding bars and restaurants. Some young people in Manhattan and across the country harbor misconceptions about this virus that make them not care. They think because they are young they cannot catch it or will not become sick. In fact, the risk of dying from COVID-19 even for people aged 20-40 is 10 times higher than the risk of dying from influenza. Second, even if individuals don't end up getting sick from coronavirus, they can still spread it. The virus takes an average of five days to manifest symptoms, and many cases of asymptomatic transmission have been observed. This is a public health crisis, not an individual one. That is to say, regardless of how much risk one person is willing to take to drink (or how uninformed they are about the science), they are putting other people at risk by increasing the likelihood they will become infected with the virus and spread it to others. One New York resident at a bar said, "I'm not worried because I'm not immunocompromised." That's a textbook example of lack of solidarity, and that's how the virus got out of hand in Italy and Spain, where hospitals are now so crowded even people who are facing unrelated diseases are not able to find beds. One problem is from the start, America's leadership did not take the pandemic seriously enough. Starting in January, US President Donald Trump said, "We have it totally under control," and that we shouldn't listen to media coverage about coronavirus because it is "the Democrats' new hoax.” He continued to compare COVID-19 to the flu, which spreads slower and does not pose as great of a health risk, into March. People listened to him—and to other media personalities who told the public not to worry—and had the false impression they were not at risk. Now local leaders, including the governors of New York, California and Colorado, have started to take matters into their own hands, ordering restaurants and ski resorts to close down. If individuals will not choose to stay away from crowds, then the government (as in China) needs to take action. China's successful response was a combination of individual decision and government action. Americans must take similar precautions, too, in order to save lives. Mitchell Blatt is a columnist and a recent graduate of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.  
WS5e7038bfa31012821727fac8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e7038bfa31012821727fac8.html	2020-03-17	Philippine stock market suspends trade as coronavirus spreads	Passengers wear protective masks while waiting at the Araneta Center Bus Terminal in Cubao, Quezon City, Philippines, March 13, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SINGAPORE - The Philippine Stock Exchange suspended trade indefinitely on Tuesday, citing the safety of traders and staff in the face of the coronavirus pandemic. The move, which was announced by the exchange overnight and takes effect Tuesday, is part of a broader quarantine ordered by Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte to curb the outbreak. But the shutdown has caught the eye of analysts who raised the prospect of other exchanges following suit. "Given the unprecedented speed of the slump in equity prices, it has been suggested that stock exchanges might be closed soon if things don't turn around," research house Capital Economics said in a note on Tuesday. AdMacro research head Patrick Perret-Green had also raised the prospect in a note issued over the weekend, before the Philippines move. "We have seen it before. I believe we could see it again," he said. "Governments do not need or want the added stress and distraction at this time." Capital, however, rate it as an ineffective move to salve investor sentiment and expect - as in the Philippines - health reasons to be invoked should other bourses shut. "On the rare occasions when stock markets have been shut in the US in the past, it has usually only been for practical reasons, such as after 9/11, rather than as means of trying to restore confidence...(It) might not work in any case. "Investors might end up selling anything else they could if they needed to raise cash in a hurry." Global markets are in meltdown as the pandemic spreads, with roughly $14 trillion in shareholder value erased and even safe assets such as gold have been sold to cover losses. The Philippines benchmark index fell 8% on Monday and is down 20% for March so far, already its worst since October 2008. "There will be no trading at The Philippine Stock Exchange, Inc. and no clearing and settlement...until further notice to ensure the safety of employees and traders in light of the escalating cases of the coronavirus disease," the exchange said in a statement dated March 16. Reuters  
WS5e70354da31012821727fa87	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70354da31012821727fa87.html	2020-03-17	Trump officials urge US Senate to pass House coronavirus bill	An empty bar is seen on the Third Street Promenade during the global outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Santa Monica, California, US, March 16, 2020. [Photo/Agencies]  WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump's administration and leading Republicans urged the Senate on Monday to swiftly back a House-passed coronavirus aid plan and seriously consider massive new economic stimulus legislation that was still under development. As he left meetings with Senate leadership, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he was seeking a "big number" for additional economic stimulus legislation to counter the virus' impact. "We will be looking for support for small and medium-sized businesses, we'll be looking for support for certain industries that we've talked about that are particularly hard hit. I've talked about airlines, hotels, others, and we will be looking at a general stimulus,” Mnuchin said. Eric Ueland, the White House legislative liaison, said congressional action on the next coronavirus stimulus package needed to be fast and unimpeded by the potential price tag. "We can't let weeks and months get under our feet here. We need to be very swift," Ueland said. The pressure from the Trump administration came as the Senate grappled over what to do with the multibillion-dollar coronavirus economic stimulus bill passed by the Democratic-run House of Representatives on Saturday. It was already the second measure of its kind. Previously, Congress passed and Trump signed an $8.3 billion package to battle the coronavirus. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters the Senate was “anxious” to get the latest House-passed bill, which was on its way to his chamber. He said he hoped senators would "pass it" once it arrived. That was likely to happen now that the House passed a set of technical fixes to the bill on Monday evening that appeared to have the support of Democratic and Republican leaders in the House. The tally of confirmed US coronavirus cases has multiplied in recent weeks, now surpassing 4,300. At least 80 people in the United States have died of the respiratory virus, which has pummeled financial markets and upended daily life, with sweeping restrictions on many social activities. Republican Senator Marco Rubio, also emerging from the session with Mnuchin and Ueland, said the Senate would need to create a mechanism to get liquidity to small businesses, so that they could continue to operate and pay their employees, including those who are home. The continued operation of the airlines was a matter of national security, Rubio said. Rubio said the Senate would work to pass the third measure this week containing the much-larger stimulus, because of uncertainty about the Senate schedule caused by the coronavirus outbreak. "I don't think we can assume that we can keep reconvening the Senate every week," he said. Neither administration officials nor Senate leaders were yet willing to say such a large bill could move that quickly through the Senate. Reuters
WS5e703017a31012821727fa26	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e703017a31012821727fa26.html	2020-03-17	Fighting coronavirus: China experience invaluable to the world	On March 14, President Xi Jinping spoke on the phone with the heads of state of Italy, Korea, Iran and Iraq. Expressing and assuring that China would share its experiential knowledge, medical supplies and technical expertise with each of these countries at their time of need. China has gotten control over coronavirus within just two months of its outbreak. China turned around immediately and responded to support other countries with its practical experiential knowledge. When coronavirus struck China, the first nation to cut all flights with China was the United States. At China's moment of deepest challenge, the United States challenged China's territorial waters, labeled its journalists stationed in America as “foreign operatives,” and started placing pressure on China to buy more soybeans. Washington think tanks underestimated China's ability to mobilize national support in unity to get control over and crush the coronavirus. Politicized American media outlets predicted the worst and belittled China's quarantine procedures. Nobody in America's politicized media outlets actually bothered to ask whether saving people's lives is an act of human rights protection. Instead they made all kinds of predictions about China's economy falling, its people not supporting the government quarantine and so on. But none of their predictions happened. From following the American media, one would easily believe that China was in for the worst. America's politicized media condemned China for trying to contain the coronavirus. Its politicians were cheering that jobs would come back to America and wishing the worst as China sacrificed to battle the coronavirus not only for its own people, but for the world. Somehow all of those negative predictions that China would lose its fight against coronavirus just didn't happen as Washington think tanks expected. How come Washington think thanks, for all of their big thinking and China expertise, always seem to get their predictions about China wrong? Is China so exotic a nation, or are their thinking so fixed that they cannot open their thinking to listen, observe and try and understand something that they don't? Interestingly, the coronavirus broke and spread just before the traditional Chinese New Year. The Washington think tanks thought that the coronavirus could not be stopped in such a time of traditional travel, movement and gathering in China. Imagine 1.4 billion people ceased visitations and froze movement to follow government coordination efforts to control the coronavirus spread. Could that happen in America? Some 6,000 doctors rushed to Wuhan and they received more than $2 billion in epidemic prevention funds as more than 20 provinces in China rushed funds and supplies to support the front line effort in Wuhan. Watch how is the White House responding? Every province and city is making its own policies. The coronavirus is already being politicized by politicians for short-term political gains in a big election year. One trillion dollars in compounded debt funding was thrown at Wall Street in one day just to prop prices up after the largest market drop since 1987. Yes, just for political reasons. Where is the national funding for fighting coronavirus? Now within two months of the coronavirus breaking out China has gotten firm control. China's practical hands-on experience in controlling and fighting coronavirus may become a more valuable asset on this planet then even big data. The strict social distancing and quarantine methods that were ridiculed by the politicized American media have proven correct, efficacious and efficient. Today the world is squinting at Washington that has been in denial of the urgency of this pandemic, while looking to Beijing's kung fu swiftness in wasting no time and striking the coronavirus has knocked it out of the China arena. Now as the West is in panic and its medical systems creaking if not cracking under the pressure of this pandemic, many countries are turning to China to learn how to fight coronavirus. It is time that nations and political parties and factions put down their differences and learn together. Coronavirus knows no boundaries, ideologies, or nationalities. It is a global pandemic. We must fight it together. Laurence Brahm is a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization, founding director of the Himalayan Consensus and co-chair of the Silk-Spice Road Dialogues. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.  
WS5e70270fa31012821727f9aa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70270fa31012821727f9aa.html	2020-03-17	Livestreaming DJs go viral amid coronavirus epidemic	The shooting scene of online disco live stream at the Beehive bar on Huaihai Road in Shanghai, east China, March 6, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Zhou Chenglong has been a disc jockey (DJ) for more than a decade, but blasting beats at the bar where he works has been restricted lately. "Who would ever think that I would be a livestreaming DJ on the internet," said Zhou, music director of the Beehive bar in Shanghai. Since the coronavirus outbreak, many bars in China have resorted to "cloud dancing" amid tepid business, which is a new experience for many DJs. In the past, Zhou played music for a big, live crowd at Beehive, but now he has to pretend to be performing in front of a lot of people. "I feel like I have to be more active, even though there is no one around," Zhou said. "The cameras are relentlessly focusing on me, and my moves can be seen all over the internet." Dong Jie, video director of Beehive, said that such live broadcast is very different from live shows such as music festivals. "For traditional live shows, 70 percent of the time the cameras focus on the faces of the audience to show the bustling environment, but there is no audience in the bar," Dong said. Dong was a DJ himself for seven years. He later came up with the idea of having multiple cameras for livestreaming in the bar, in addition to split-screen technology during livestreaming. "A close-up camera focuses on the hand movements of the DJ, while a big camera captures the entire stage and its light show," Dong said. "Several other cameras also zoom on the DJ's face." Such ways of DJing warmed up the atmosphere in the bar and effectively grabbed attention on the internet. Since Beehive began livestreaming its DJs playing music on Feb 16, viewing streams have topped 700,000 on the internet. Peak online participants exceeded 20,000, and the average number of viewers stood at 12,000. Most of the viewers are aged between 25 and 30. Before the epidemic, the number of visitors to the bar stood between 1,000 to 1,500 each night, mostly aged between 25 to 40, according to Beehive. "In the first few days of the livestreaming, each viewer usually stayed in the livestreaming room for one or two minutes," said Zhuang Wanci, brand director of Beehive. To make them stay longer, the bar came up with a variety of themes, including interactive games such as "Guessing the songs" and the cardio exercise theme "Burning your calories." "It's not just about playing the latest music singles anymore," Zhuang said. Some viewers even started chat groups and began sharing their lives with others while watching. The livestreaming session generated revenue from online rewards from the viewers, Zhuang said, adding that they will possibly continue livestreaming even after the epidemic. "In the past, competition was basically regional," Zhuang Wanci, brand director of Beehive. "Now it is a national competition as we go online."
WS5e70221aa31012821727f949	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e70221aa31012821727f949.html	2020-03-17	Flamengo boss Jorge Jesus undergoes second coronavirus test	  Flamengo coach Jorge Jesus. [Photo/Agencies] RIO DE JANEIRO - Flamengo's Portuguese head coach Jorge Jesus has undergone a second coronavirus test to confirm or rule out a positive diagnosis, the Brazilian club said on Monday. In a statement, Flamengo said the 65-year-old's initial test had delivered an inconclusive result. The announcement came four days after the club's vice president, Mauricio Gomes de Mattos, was found to have contracted the virus. All of Flamengo's players and staff were subsequently tested and placed in quarantine. Flamengo said there were no other positive results following the initial tests. "I'm under the care of Flamengo's doctors and I currently feel well," Jesus said in a video posted on his personal Instagram account. "I had another test and we're waiting for the results. I'm grateful for the messages of support. Thank you." Former Benfica and Sporting Lisbon manager Jesus joined Flamengo last June and led the club to the Brazilian Serie A-Copa Libertadores double in his first season.
WS5e702075a31012821727f93a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e702075a31012821727f93a.html	2020-03-17	Newest data on coronavirus infections released	A staff member wears protective gear at the temperature check station of the arrival hall in Beijing Capital International Airport, on March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] As overall infections overseas surpassed the country's caseload, imported COVID-19 cases keep cropping up in multiple regions on Chinese mainland, disrupting the trend of the epidemic grinding to a halt in China, as the most recent data shows.  The number of infections on the Chinese mainland rose by 21 over the course of Monday to 80,881, according to data released by the National Health Commission early on Tuesday.  All but one of the additional cases were imported ones. Beijing saw nine imported cases over the course of Monday, followed by Shanghai with three. Excluding imported cases, regions outside Hubei on the Chinese mainland have reported no infections for the past five days.  To date, 143 imported cases have been counted, according to the commission.  The one domestic infection was reported from Wuhan, Hubei province - center of the outbreak - marking the sixth consecutive day of the province counting single-digit increases. The rest of the province has seen no new cases 12 days in a row.  With 13 further fatalities, a total of 3,226 people have succumbed to the virus on the Chinese mainland, the commission said. The backlog of treating the infected has been further reduced, with more discharged from hospitals and a further decline of patients that need intensive care.  Another 930 people were discharged from hospitals on Monday, bringing up the number of recovered Chinese mainland patients to 68,679, the commission said.   With a daily reduction of 202 patients exhibiting serious symptoms, the number of such patients now stands at 2,830. In total, 8,976 patients are still hospitalized.  There are now 128 suspected infections on the Chinese mainland, and 45 of them were counted on Monday.  Among the 681,404 people who have so far been traced as close contacts with the infected, 9,351 are still under medical observation, it said.  In Hubei, with the latest daily increase of one case in capital Wuhan, the caseload has reached 67,799. To date, the disease had claimed 3,111 lives in the province as of Monday at midnight, the commission said.  The case count in Wuhan now stands at 50,004. With 11 further deaths, the number of fatalities in the city has reached 2,480.  The Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan province have reported a total of 235 confirmed cases, including four deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, the commission noted.  In these regions, 120 patients have been discharged from hospitals.
WS5e701308a31012821727f8cc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e701308a31012821727f8cc.html	2020-03-17	Second wave of coronavirus unlikely	Medical workers from Guangdong province and Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region treat patients in an ICU ward at Wuhan Union Hospital in Hubei province on March 11. [Photo by Tang Mingming/For China Daily] But experts warn sporadic and imported cases will persist for a period of time A second wave of novel coronavirus in China "is not a great concern" though a spattering of sporadic cases and new infections imported from overseas are expected to persist for a period of time, front-line medical experts said on Monday. As the pathogen has been largely wrested under control in China and is now spreading rapidly in other countries, Chinese experts have pinpointed rigorous prevention and control measures, including prompt and wide testing, as the prime mission in fighting the virus, urging the rest of the world to formulate detailed emergency plans. "The outbreak in China, which started last December, has almost seen its end. We will wait for another month to make the final judgment but personally speaking, a second domestic outbreak in China is not a great concern with such strong prevention and control measures," said Cao Wei, deputy director of the Peking Union Medical College Hospital's infectious disease department, adding that the country will continue to see a low level of newly confirmed cases, including imported infections. In Wuhan, Hubei province, the epicenter of the epidemic in China, all makeshift treatment centers have been closed, and the remaining patients are now being centralized to a few designated hospitals. "It seems that the outbreak of COVID-19 in Hubei has come to an end, although we should be alert to abnormal signals and sporadic cases arising from communities," said Du Bin, director of the hospital's intensive care unit. He said the key lesson in China's effective containment of the infectious virus is that the significance of prevention and control work outweighs that of treatment efforts. "You must have a plan. Failure to prepare is preparing for failure," he said. "Even now in Hubei and Wuhan with fewer and fewer diagnosed cases, we should remain alert and prepare for future sporadic cases and imported cases." Du said that based on China's experiences, wide-ranging testing is an essential tool in identifying and quarantining suspected cases and people who came in close contact with the infected. Wuhan had reached a turning point of the outbreak after being able to isolate all suspected cases and close contacts, he added. In terms of the re-infection of recovered patients, Yan Xiaowei, deputy director of the hospital's internal medicine department, said a positive nucleic acid test alone in the absence of abnormal body temperature and telltale chest imaging does not confirm diagnosis. To root out the risk, recovered patients in China are required to receive follow-up checks and frequent temperature monitoring and isolate themselves for at least two weeks under the monitoring of local inspectors. "If high temperatures resume, patients will be sent to hospital for a CT scan and a nucleic acid test," he said. Chinese medical workers have also found that older ages, high blood pressure and elevation of inflammation markers are among the risk factors for developing severe and critical illnesses. They added that timely intubation－inserting a tube into a patient's airway to relieve breathing difficulties－and use of ventilators will make a huge difference in reducing fatalities. Wu Dong, a physician with the hospital's gastroenterology department, also said that health workers around the globe must protect themselves against the virus and the inevitable mental stress. "We know that our European colleagues have also been contracting the disease during their daily work over the past few days, and the proportion is similar to that during the early days of the outbreak in Wuhan," he said. "We must protect our medical staff."
WS5e6fccc0a31012821727f86e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/17/WS5e6fccc0a31012821727f86e.html	2020-03-17	Testing urged for every suspected coronavirus case	[Photo/Agencies] The World Health Organization on Monday urged countries to test every suspected novel coronavirus case as they ramp up measures to fight the fast-spreading pandemic. The past week witnessed a rapid escalation of cases of COVID-19 around the world. More cases and deaths have now been reported in the rest of the world than in China, the WHO's Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said at a virtual news conference in Geneva on Monday afternoon. He noted that there has been a rapid escalation in social distancing measures, such as closing schools and cancelling sporting events and other gatherings. The WHO chief was clearly referring to the announcement over the weekend by several European nations such as France, Belgium and the Netherlands to close their schools, bars and restaurants and ban large gatherings. "But we haven't seen an urgent enough escalation in testing, isolation and contact tracing, which is the backbone of the COVID-19 response," Tedros said. He acknowledged that social distancing measures can help reduce COVID-19 transmission and enable health systems to cope while hand-washing and coughing into elbow can reduce the risk. "But on their own, they aren't enough to extinguish this COVID-19 pandemic. It's the combination that makes the difference. All countries must take a comprehensive approach," he said. Tedros emphasized that the most effective way to prevent infections and save lives is breaking the chains of COVID-19 transmission. "To do that, you must test and isolate. You cannot fight a fire blindfolded. And we cannot stop the pandemic if we don't know who is infected," he said. He said WHO has a simple message for all countries. "Test, test, test. Test every suspected COVID-19 case," he said. Maria Van Kerkhove, technical lead for the WHO Health Emergencies Program, echoed the view. She noted that it's essential that all the cases are being followed, traced and isolated. "This is the most effective way that we can limit human-to-human transmission," she said. Having spent two weeks in China recently, she said that high-level support and an all-of-government approach are essential, adding that everyone should know their role in the fight. "This is going to be difficult for a while. But this will be temporary. And it's important we all play a role in this," she said. On Monday, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen announced a 30-day restriction on all non-essential travel into the European Union in its effort to contain the COVID-19. The WHO declared last Friday that Europe has become the epicenter of the pandemic after the area witnessed a rapid increase of number of cases and deaths. The commission believes that the new measures can help reduce the huge pressure on its healthcare system. "Here in Europe, we are heavily affected by the virus. And we know that everything that reduces social interaction also reduces the speed of the spread of the virus. The less travel, the more we can contain the virus," she said.
WS5e6f8eb2a31012821727f84c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6f8eb2a31012821727f84c.html	2020-03-16	Detailed plans for different stages of coronavirus infection is vital: Doctor	Du Bin, medical ICU director of the Peking Union Medical College Hospital, who is now a member of a national medical team in the hard-hit Chinese city of Wuhan, speaks at a press conference held by the State Council Information Office in Wuhan, central China's Hubei province, March 16, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Social distancing, protecting health workers and having a detailed plan for different stages of the epidemic are vital for tackling COVID-19, frontline doctors said on Monday. Du Bin, director of the intensive care unit at Peking Union Medical College Hospital, said the outbreak of COVID-19 in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, is coming to an end as all makeshift hospitals in the city had been closed and remaining patients were transferred to a few designated hospitals. Du said there are many things the world can learn from China's experience, but one of the key lessons is prevention and containment efforts should be just as important as treatment, if not more. The second lesson is "you must have a plan, because failure to prepare is preparing for failure," he said. "Even now in Wuhan, where there is fewer and fewer confirmed cases, we are still vigilant and preparing for future sporadic and imported cases." Wu dong, a physician of gastroenterology from Peking Union Medical College Hospital, speaks at a press conference held by the State Council Information Office in Wuhan, central China's Hubei province, March 16, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Wu Dong, deputy chief physician at Peking Union Medical College Hospital, said he has been treating critical patients in ICU since arriving in the city and the best advice he could give is that health workers must protect themselves both against the virus and the mental stress. "In the last few days, we know that our European colleagues are also contracting the disease during their daily practice, and the proportion is similar to that during the early days of Wuhan," he said. "So we must protect our medical staffs." Moreover, Wu said working in the ICU is a stressful job and the mortality rate of patients is relatively high. "Physicians may lose some of their patients no matter how hard they try to save their lives; this can easily damage morale," he said. It is imperative that doctors are not overworked and try to rest and relax and recover from the exhaustion, he said. "Doctors should take very good care of themselves." Cao Wei, a physician of infectious diseases from Peking Union Medical College Hospital, speaks at a press conference held by the State Council Information Office in Wuhan, central China's Hubei province, March 16, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Cao Wei, deputy head of infection medicine at the hospital, said self-isolation and social distancing are important ways to curb the spread of the disease, but this should be done tactfully. "If you are self-isolating, make sure you are the right person to do home isolation, that means you should not live with people who are susceptible to the disease, like the elderly and those with underlying health conditions," she said. "If you think you have the virus, the most important thing is to not let your family get the virus from you." In addition, it is important to have another family member or a friend to monitor the isolated person's conditions. "If you experience persistent high fever, shortness of breath, or altered mental state, it is time for you to go to a doctor and seek help," she added.
WS5e6f8a1ba31012821727f83f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6f8a1ba31012821727f83f.html	2020-03-16	2nd wave of novel coronavirus epidemic unlikely: Frontline medic	A second wave of the novel coronavirus epidemic in China is unlikely, a frontline medic said Monday. Cao Wei, deputy head of infection medicine at the prestigious Beijing Union Medical College Hospital, who had been sent to Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province to aid local medics, said the months-long fight against the outbreak has almost seen its end. She expressed cautious optimism about the containment, saying that it would take another month's observation to make a final judgment. "For me personally, the second domestic outbreak wouldn't be a great concern under the current measures of epidemic prevention and control," she said. She was speaking from Wuhan at a teleconference with Chinese and foreign reporters based in Beijing. Cao said since the World Health Organization has declared the outbreak a pandemic, the global outlook cannot be forecast based on situations in China alone, or any other regions in the world. The imported cases are increasingly posing a threat to the domestic situation, she noted, adding that it's very probable that the imported cases would be kept at a relatively low level but will last a certain period of time.
WS5e6f79a3a31012821727f828	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6f79a3a31012821727f828.html	2020-03-16	Doctors on the frontlines share their experiences battling coronavirus	Frontline doctors from Peking Union Medical College Hospital shared their feelings after spending weeks in Wuhan fighting the COVID-19 epidemic during a news conference on Monday.  Du Bin, director of the medical intensive care unit at the hospital, said the Chinese approach to control the COVID-19 epidemic may not be the only approach, and Chinese medical workers have also learned from what happened in Singapore and Japan. When there is a different situation in the number of cases and community support system, people can adopt different approaches to achieve similar success in controlling the epidemic, he said.  "It is an opportunity to learn from each other. The beauty of the world lies in diversity, not identity." Yan Xiaowei, a cardiology doctor at the hospital, said "As a doctor in the ICU, I have seen many casualties, which I will never forget in my life. I want to share my experience in treating severe patients with overseas friends and colleagues back home." Cao Wei, deputy head of infection medicine at the hospital, said during the SARS outbreak 13 years ago, she was still a medical student and the one to be protected.  "And this time, I came with my teachers and colleagues to fight the disease, which I am very proud of, though medical workers like me have sacrificed a lot personally, being away from their families for a long time." She also wants to express her deep thanks to all the nurses who have been taken the same responsibility as doctors.  "Many of the nurses coming to Wuhan belong to younger generations and most of them were born after 1990. Without them, we won't have achieved so much, especially with critically ill patients," she said.  Wu Dong, a gastroenterology doctor at the hospital, said during the last five weeks, he was totally devoted in caring patients in ICU. "The only thing I feel sorry for is that I could not take care of my own family as a father and husband," he said. Five weeks ago, when he left Beijing for Wuhan, his eight-year-old daughter asked him why he wanted to go to Wuhan, which was a question he could not find answer at that time.  Last week, he had a patient in ICU, a 57-year-old woman who was very sick. The treatment plan was to intubate her and put her on a ventilator, which was the only plan to save her.  Before the ventilation, the patient whispered to Wu in Wuhan dialect, "Doc, I don't want to die. The end of this month is my daughter's wedding day." "At that moment, I saw that many of my patients are parents too. They love their own kids the same way as I do," Wu said.  "The reason I came to Wuhan is not only about being professional and responsible, it's also about love. I love my daughter, I love my patients, I love my country, and I love mankind." "As mankind, we are all in this together and we will get through this together," he added.
WS5e6f6963a31012821727f7e9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6f6963a31012821727f7e9.html	2020-03-16	SARS hospital reopens for coronavirus	A view of Xiaotangshan Hospital in Beijing. [Photo by Wei Xiaohao/chinadaily.com.cn] Beijing's Xiaotangshan Hospital, originally built in 2003 to treat patients infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, began new operations on Monday to screen and treat people entering China from overseas with COVID-19. The hospital, in the capital's northern Changping district, will treat those with mild and moderate symptoms of coronavirus infection, according to report in Beijing Daily citing the city's disease control and prevention leading group. The hospital, which has more than 1,000 beds, will observe and treat travelers at high risk of infection, following up on airport screenings. People cleared of possible infection will be transported home by their province of residence. Travelers from overseas who live in Beijing will be taken home to complete 14-day quarantines at designated places after being screened at Xiaotangshan, the notice said. All facilities and equipment used at the hospital passed inspection before being put into operation, and the capital has assigned several hundred medical personnel from various disciplines — infectious diseases, emergency, intensive care, radiation and traditional Chinese medicine — to the hospital. The original Xiaotangshan Hospital was a so-called instant infirmary built in seven days in April 2003 in response to SARS. In January, the Beijing municipal government decided to renovate it to treat patients infected with the novel coronavirus.
WS5e708001a31012821727fc8f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e708001a31012821727fc8f.html	2020-03-16	Tokyo Olympics: IOC to hold talks with sport chiefs amid coronavirus crisis	None
WS5e6f0cb5a31012821727f68b	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6f0cb5a31012821727f68b.html	2020-03-16	Coronavirus piles up pressure on Europe's stricken auto sector	Employees work on a Volkswagen production line in Zwickau, Germany.[Photo/Agencies] BARCELONA/MILAN－Europe's major car and parts makers rushed on Wednesday to close factories and cut output in Italy and considered sending workers home elsewhere, in the first signs that coronavirus is disrupting the region's struggling automotive industry. Fiat Chrysler said it was temporarily halting operations at some of its Italian factories and would reduce production in response to Europe's largest coronavirus outbreak. The Italian-American carmaker has stepped up measures across its facilities, including intensive cleaning of all work and rest areas, to support the government's directives to curb the spread of the infectious disease. Italian tire maker Pirelli had said on Tuesday it was cutting production at its Settimo Torinese plant in northern Italy after a worker tested positive for the virus. Italy is the worst-affected country in the world after China and the unprecedented lockdown of the country has heaped fresh pressure on the region's ailing car sector. Other companies including Britain's biggest carmaker Jaguar Land Rover and Peugeot owner PSA were also scrambling to deal with infections among staff, highlighting the risks to business beyond supply chains and Italy's borders. The French carmaker was beefing up safety rules on Wednesday at its Mulhouse plant with a 5,000-strong workforce in eastern France after one employee tested positive, a spokeswoman said. The man has been on sick leave since Feb 29. Volkswagen, meanwhile, canceled a shift at a plant near Barcelona in Spain, operated by its Spanish unit Seat, because the coronavirus outbreak has hit its supply chain. The German carmaker may also send staff home temporarily from that facility and another one in the Navarra region of Spain if supply issues worsen. "The Martorell plant (near Barcelona) is currently working normally. However, there are several risks derived from COVID-19, which has affected the supply chain," a Seat spokesman said. Volkswagen's Czech unit Skoda also said there was the risk of a shortage of parts from China that might affect several of its plants. The disruptions are the latest blow to Europe's carmakers, which are struggling with weak global demand and high costs of meeting the region's tough emissions targets. The virus has already taken its toll on business in China, the world's top car market, where vehicle sales tumbled last month as customers stayed home due to the epidemic. An industry association warned last week that car sales in Italy, Europe's third-largest economy, could shrink by more than 15 percent. Seat would make temporary layoffs if it had to cut production due to supply issues, the spokesman said. Seat union representative Matias Carnero said the company's supply chain was being affected by the worsening virus outbreak. "It all looks like it is going to be requested," said Carnero, a representative for UGT, the main labor union at Seat, referring to the potential temporary layoffs. Under temporary layoffs, Spanish workers are normally paid part of their salary. The company spokesman said the duration of any layoffs had not been discussed, but Carnero said they could last between two and five weeks, adding this could potentially affect about 7,000 people at the plant. Italian brake maker Brembo warned on Tuesday that its northern Italian production could struggle if the government introduced even more stringent measures to tackle the spread of the coronavirus. Reuters
WS5e6f0991a31012821727f672	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6f0991a31012821727f672.html	2020-03-16	Coronavirus hit Jan-Feb economic gauges, but relief on horizon, NBS says	A textile company resumes work in Zaozhuang, East China's Shandong province, on Feb 20, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] The Chinese economy withstood the shocks brought by the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic during the first two months of the year, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Monday. With various policy reactions taking effect, companies sped up work resumption while the order of production and life gradually resumed, making people's livelihood effectively ensured, NBS spokesperson Mao Shengyong said on Monday. Major economic indicators retreated in the first two months due to the epidemic, the bureau said. China's industrial output contracted by 13.5 percent year-on-year in the January-February period. Retail sales dropped by 20.5 percent, while fixed-asset investment declined by 24.5 percent. But the impacts will be short-lived and controllable, as the spread of virus has been curbed and fundamentals of the Chinese economy remained solid, Mao said. To bring the economy back to normal, the authorities will continue implementing stringent measures on epidemic control, strengthen macro-adjustments, and promote work resumption and the movement of production materials and people in an orderly way, Mao said.
WS5e6ef7cfa31012821727f64a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ef7cfa31012821727f64a.html	2020-03-16	Coronavirus – anti-China propaganda brings catastrophe to the West	British Prime Minister Boris Johnson leaves 10 Downing Street for Prime Minister's Questions, in London, Britain, February 26, 2020. /Xinhua Photo Through tremendous sacrifices China has brought the coronavirus under control – the number of new daily cases being reduced from the peak of 3,887 on February 5 to 11 on March 13 (7 imported from outside China), a decline of 98.2 percent. In doing so, the Chinese authorities performed an enormous service not only to the Chinese people but also gave a crucial opportunity to the whole rest of the world to prepare. To precise, through the determined fight against the virus, China bought almost two months warning to the rest of the world before the coronavirus began to significantly spread there. But the terrible truth is that while China benefited greatly from determined action against the virus, the facts show the West entirely wasted this precious time. Because the huge economic effect of the coronavirus cannot be separated from its medical impact, it is necessary to study the two together. This is due to the fact that the coronavirus is simultaneously a supply and demand side economic shock. The supply side shock is that the health risk means the work force cannot produce normally, causing huge falls in output. The demand side effect is that significant numbers of services and goods, if they are not consumed in the short term, will not be purchased at all – particularly in the service sector. The falls in China's official manufacturing PMI, to 35.7 in February, and the non-manufacturing PMI to 29.6, reflected this impact within China. The facts show clearly that the spread of the virus in the West is now already reaching levels far higher than at the worst point of the crisis in China. As will be demonstrated, nothing short of a disaster is now unfolding in Europe. The situation in the U.S., so far, is following Europe with a delay of about 10 days. This fact that the intensity of the coronavirus crisis in Europe is already worse than at the worst period of the virus in China is concealed by misleading comparisons of the absolute number of cases in Europe compared to China. But, for example, China's population is 17 times larger than Germany or 23 times larger than Italy. To realistically measure the relative impact of the coronavirus crisis in Europe compared to China, it is necessary to measure the virus's spread in proportion to population. The peak day for the number of new virus infections in China was February 5 at 3,887. But according to the World Health Organization's daily situation reports, at the time of writing the peak day in France (780 on March 13) was equivalent to over 16,000 relative to China's population, in Spain (1,266 on March 13) over 38,000, and in Italy (2,651 on March 12) over 60,000. Western governments are openly telling their populations that it is only a matter of time before the number of deaths becomes very high. British Prime Minister Johnson announced: 'Many more families, are going to lose loved ones before their time.' Italy's cumulative death toll (1,400 as of March 14) would be equivalent to around 33,000 in a country with China's population! This data makes clear Europe's situation is already far worse than at the worst period in China. In short, the European governments totally failed to use the time they had to prepare for the virus to arrive. The virus's huge economic impact in the West follows from this medical disaster. Data on the impact on production of the virus in the West is not yet available. But the Western economies were already weakening when the coronavirus hit. The peak of the current U.S. and EU business cycles was in the second quarter of 2018. From then until the fourth quarter of 2018, the U.S. GDP growth had fallen from 3.2 percent to 2.3 percent, and the EU's from 2.5 percent to 1.2 percent. Without an extraordinary stroke of luck the virus hitting already slowing Western economies will push them into recession. As Western companies had already accumulated very large debts any resulting revenue slowdown, creating difficulty to repay this debt, carries a risk of transmission of crisis into credit and other markets. This explains the literally unprecedented impact on Western share markets. The fall of U.S. share prices into a bear market, a 20 percent fall, took only 16 days – even more rapid than in 1929. Why, when China has been getting the virus under control, has there been such a catastrophic failure in the West? The reason is in large part because instead of learning the positive lessons of China's ability to control the virus, the Western media and the U.S. government engaged in anti-China propaganda. The bitter truth is that the anti-China propaganda campaign has to some extent contributed to the West being negligent to the looming crisis and they are now facing a medical, human and economic disaster.
WS5e6eef78a31012821727f629	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6eef78a31012821727f629.html	2020-03-16	Video guide to novel coronavirus and infection prevention	None
WS5e6eef33a31012821727f61b	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6eef33a31012821727f61b.html	2020-03-16	Britain set to isolate over-70s as coronavirus deaths rise to 35	Britain's Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, appears on BBC TV's The Andrew Marr Show in London, Britain, March 15, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LONDON - Britain will isolate older people "within weeks" and force into quarantine anyone diagnosed with coronavirus, the government said as it stepped up measures that have so far been less stringent than elsewhere in Europe. The British Heath Secretary Matt Hancock said people aged over 70 would be shielded from the virus by self-isolating for up to four months, with an announcement "in the coming weeks". Britain has taken a distinctly different approach to tackling coronavirus from European countries such as Italy, Spain and France which have imposed stringent lockdowns to try to slow the spread of the disease. The number of deaths of Britons with coronavirus jumped by 14 in the last 24 hours to 35, while the total diagnosed rose by 20% to 1,372, health authorities said on Sunday. Hancock said the rise in Britain had been slower than in other parts of Europe, in part due to measures taken by authorities to trace people who had contact with those affected. Before word of the mayor's order came out, a New York police cruiser was seen in the East Village neighborhood, a pillar of the city's night life scene, telling patrons of bars and restaurants to disperse and go home. Several businesses closed up shop shortly afterward. (Reporting by Leela de Krester in New York Additional reporting by Brad Brooks in Austin, Texas. Editing by Gerry Doyle) Reuters
WS5e6ee629a31012821727f549	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ee629a31012821727f549.html	2020-03-16	Homeless could face greater risk of coronavirus	Members of the West Virginia National Guard's special response teams provide hands-on Personal Protective Equipment instruction to the staff of Cabell Huntington Hospital to help prepare the facility for potential future cases of novel coronavirus in Huntington, West Virginia, US, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The coronavirus has spread to every US state except West Virginia, and senior citizens with underlying health conditions have been identified by health officials as the most vulnerable. But another segment of the US population may be even more susceptible to contracting COVID-19 — the nation’s estimated 550,000 homeless people. Although there have been no reported cases of coronavirus specifically among the homeless, their living conditions and poor health may place them at higher risk, as those seeking refuge in shelters often stay in cramped quarters and share utensils. For those on the street, most of the time there is no place to wash their hands so they don’t follow one of the top recommendations to avoid getting the virus – frequent hand-washing. The homeless often live in crowded encampments where disease can spread quickly and easily. And once infected, health officials say the chronically homeless are more likely to get much sicker or die because of underlying medical conditions and a lack of reliable health care. New York, Los Angeles, Seattle, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, Phoenix, Portland, Oregon, Washington DC, and Austin, Texas, all have large homeless populations. New York City has the largest number of homeless: approximately 78,000 men, women and children. About 95 percent of New York’s homeless have temporary shelter, while others live on the streets, according to the US Department of Housing and Urban Development. New York City recently issued 11 pages of instructions to those who run shelters – which at times can house about 60,000 homeless people every night. They include specific steps on how to maintain clean spaces, communicate with their residents, protect their staffs and screen visitors for respiratory symptoms. Former City Council speaker Christine Quinn, the CEO of shelter provider Win, says that in order to follow the sanitary guidelines, shelters have had to bear additional costs to buy more cleaning supplies and keep their food pantries stocked. Mayor Bill de Blasio recently said that 550 outreach workers have been trained on educating homeless individuals on coronavirus symptoms, and that workers have spoken to more than 700 individuals on the street, according to The New York Times. In Los Angeles, health officials, advocacy groups and nonprofits have ramped up measures to protect the homeless against the coronavirus. There were 58,936 homeless people in Los Angeles County in 2019, and 36,300 in the city of Los Angeles, according to the Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority. City officials said last week that more than 100 hand-washing stations were being set up where homeless have encampment sites throughout the city. In San Francisco, which has spent millions of dollars to solve its homeless problem, there are more than 8,000 homeless, according to the biennial homeless count of 2019. There are consistently more than 1,000 people on the city’s adult shelter waiting list, according. The city has set up a $5 million emergency fund to reduce the risk of virus exposure for homeless living in shelters and for supportive housing. The latest effort is to use recreational vehicles around the city to house homeless people who are infected with the coronavirus for self-quarantine. So far, the city has 14 confirmed cases of infection. But advocates say the city’s response has been inadequate. "Homeless people have no way to do so (was their hands) because of inadequate housing options available and the lack of public restrooms and hand-washing stations," Quiver Watts of the Coalition for the Homeless told China Daily. "Folks living on the streets and in shelters often have weakened immune systems due to exposure, sleep deprivation and stress, so an outbreak in a shelter or encampment could be devastating," he said. "The Police Department and Department of Public Works are still carrying out cruel encampment sweeps here in the Tenderloin (district), despite the state of emergency, meaning folks are having their medications and survival gear taken from them now when they need them most," Watts said. He said the city should stop the sweeps immediately and start conducting regular outreach to people sleeping outside, raising their awareness of the risks of the coronavirus, as well as distributing hand sanitizer and installing hand-washing stations. Stopping sweeps that force the homeless to pack up and move to a new location and perhaps a new encampment, "makes a lot of sense", Dr Margot Kushel, director of the UCSF Center for Vulnerable Populations at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, told the Mercury News. If people are unknowingly sick, the worst thing to do is uproot them and transplant them into a new community where the virus could spread, she said. Dr Barbara Ferrer, director of Los Angeles County’s Department of Public Health, said the county is attempting to secure temporary housing for people who need to be quarantined or isolated. That might apply to travelers who have no place to stay in the region as well as homeless. "We need to make sure that when you are looking at an outbreak situation, that we limit exposure wherever we possibly can," she said at a news conference Friday. Plans for these centers haven’t been finalized, but officials are looking across the county to secure locations, Ferrer said. As of Friday, the total number of people who tested positive for the virus in Los Angeles County jumped to 40. The Reverand Andy Bales, president and CEO of the Union Rescue Mission, which runs a homeless shelter in downtown Los Angeles’ Skid Row, said it has set up sanitizer stations, washing stations and separate quarantine areas for men and women to curb the spread of the virus. The mission also has put out signs throughout its building to encourage people to stop in and seek medical services and shelter if they are ill. Bales, however, believes a lack of testing means it’s impossible to immediately identify anyone with the virus. "I think as soon as there’s sufficient testing, we will be in a better spot to care for everyone, not just people who are devastated by homelessness," he said.
WS5e6ee459a31012821727f531	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ee459a31012821727f531.html	2020-03-16	S. Korea reports 74 new coronavirus cases	South Korean soldiers clean doors with disinfectant at a cram school for civil service exams, following the rise in confirmed cases of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Daegu, South Korea, March 15, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea reported 74 new coronavirus infections on Monday, slightly lower than a day ago, according to the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The new cases bring the country's total to 8,236. The KCDC also reported that 303 more patients had fully recovered and had been released from care. A total of 1,137 people have recovered and been released so far. South Korea has been experiencing a downward trend in new cases and the latest numbers are significantly lower than the peak of 909 cases reported on Feb 29 and slightly down from the 76 recorded on Sunday. Reuters
WS5e6ed998a31012821727f4c8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ed998a31012821727f4c8.html	2020-03-16	Coronavirus: 12 imported cases among 16 new infections	A passenger registers her information at a receiving point at the New China International Exhibition Center in Beijing, capital of China, March 14, 2020. Beijing has converted the New China International Exhibition Center into a transit center for international inbound passengers. The center, divided into different zones according to the destinations of passengers, is used for people showing no fever, cough and other symptoms in the health quarantine at the airport. [Photo/Xinhua] Sixteen new infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland were reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of infections to 80,860, the National Health Commission said on Monday. Of those new infections, four were in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province and also the center of the epidemic. The other 12 cases, all imported ones, were in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangdong, Yunnan and Gansu. To date, 123 imported cases have been confirmed. As of Sunday midnight, the commission reported 14 new deaths, bringing the death toll to 3,213. All the new fatalities were in Hubei. The commission also reported 41 new suspected cases. On the same day, a total of 838 people were discharged from hospitals after recovering. The commission added that the number of patients in severe condition had fallen by 194 in the past 24 hours. It also said that 680,462 close contacts had been traced as of Sunday midnight. Also, 1,316 were discharged from medical observation in the past 24 hours. Meanwhile, another 9,582 close contacts are still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 217 confirmed cases, with four deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, according to the commission. In Hubei, the total confirmed cases reached 67,798 by Sunday midnight. Of them, about three quarters were reported in Wuhan. The province had seen total of 3,099 fatalities, said the commission. It also reported 816 new recovered cases in the province on the same day. A total of 2,975 patients are still in severe condition.
WS5e6ed990a31012821727f4c1	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ed990a31012821727f4c1.html	2020-03-16	Homeless could be hit hard by coronavirus	People descend on supermarkets to stock up provisions in Los Angeles on Saturday. QIAN WEIZHONG/XINHUA The novel coronavirus has spread to every US state except Virginia, and the elderly with underlying health conditions have been identified by health officials as the most vulnerable. But another segment of the US population may be even more susceptible to contracting the disease-the 550,000 homeless people. Their living conditions and poor health may place them at higher risk for contracting the disease and dying from it, although there have been no reported cases among homeless people. Among the cities with the largest homeless populations are: New York; Los Angeles; San Francisco; Phoenix, Arizona; Portland, Oregon; Washington; and Austin, Texas. New York has the largest of 78,000 homeless, about 95 percent of whom have temporary shelter while others live on the streets, the US Department of Housing and Urban Development said. New York recently issued 11 pages of instructions to those who run shelters - which at times can house about 60,000 homeless people every night. They include specific steps on how to maintain clean spaces, communicate with their residents, protect their staff and screen visitors for respiratory symptoms. Mayor Bill de Blasio recently said that 550 outreach workers have been trained on educating homeless individuals on the symptoms of COVID-19, according to The New York Times. In Los Angeles with 36,300 homeless, city officials said that more than 100 hand-washing stations were being distributed where homeless have encampment sites throughout the city. In San Francisco, there are more than 8,000 homeless, according to a homeless count last year. And there are consistently more than 1,000 people on the city's adult shelter waiting list. The city has set aside a $5 million emergency fund to reduce risk of exposure to the virus for homeless living in shelters and homeless supportive housing. Inadequate response The latest effort is to use recreational vehicles around the city to house homeless people who are infected with the coronavirus for self-quarantine. But advocates say the city's response is inadequate. "Homeless people have no way to do so (wash their hands) because of inadequate housing options available and the lack of public restrooms and hand washing stations," said Quiver Watts of the Coalition for the Homeless. "Folks living on the streets and in shelters often have weakened immune systems due to exposure, sleep deprivation and stress, so an outbreak in a shelter or encampment could be devastating."
WS5e6ed926a31012821727f4bc	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ed926a31012821727f4bc.html	2020-03-16	Spielberg-produced Amazon mini-series in Mexico put on hold over coronavirus	  Steven Spielberg presents Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell’s In Memoriam performance during the Oscars show at the 92nd Academy Awards in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, US, February 9, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MEXICO CITY -- The filming in Mexico of a big budget Steven Spielberg-produced Amazon mini-series, starring Spanish actor Javier Bardem, has been suspended due to concerns about the coronavirus, according to a letter sent to cast and crew on Friday and seen by Reuters. The production entitled Mexica, which centers on the Spanish conquest of the Aztecs, began filming two weeks ago on location in Mexico City. Mexico has so far confirmed 26 cases of coronavirus. Only a skeletal wrap crew will continue working through next week, and cast and crew were informed that production might resume in December depending on how the public health crisis develops. The project's budget is believed to be tens of millions of dollars, and dozens of local contractors will be affected by the suspension. Amazon did not immediately respond to a request for comment. It comes after the cancellation of the Guadalajara International Film Festival, set to kick off in Mexico's second biggest city late next week. Some 145,594 people have been infected by the coronavirus across the world and 5,419 have died, according to a Reuters tally.  REUTERS
WS5e6ed552a31012821727f47b	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ed552a31012821727f47b.html	2020-03-16	Biden and Sanders blast Trump response to coronavirus crisis, offer their own plans	Democratic US presidential candidates former Vice President Joe Biden and Senator Bernie Sanders debate during the 11th Democratic candidates debate of the 2020 US presidential campaign, held in CNN's Washington studios without an audience because of the global coronavirus pandemic, in Washington, US, March 15, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders blasted President Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus outbreak during a Democratic debate on Sunday, touting their own plans to deal with a widening crisis that has upended the daily life of Americans. In their first one-on-one debate, the two Democratic contenders to face Trump in the November election said the Republican president had contributed to growing worries about the global pandemic by spending weeks minimizing the threat before declaring a national emergency on Friday. Biden recounted his experience as vice president in the Obama administration in dealing with the Ebola outbreak in 2014. He laid out a plan to make testing free and widely available, establishing mobile sites and drive-through facilities in each state and provide more help for small businesses and others hurt by the resulting economic slowdown. He said he was willing to call out the military to help local officials build hospitals and take other necessary relief steps. "This is like a war, and in a war you do whatever needs to be done to take care of your people," Biden said. Sanders suggested the first step in responding to the outbreak would be "to shut this president up right now" because he was undermining the response of public health officials. "It is unacceptable to have him be blabbering with unfactual information which is confusing the general public," Sanders said, adding the crisis showed the need for his signature Medicare for All healthcare proposal, which would replace private health insurance. The showdown between front-runner Biden and his last viable rival in Sanders, originally scheduled for Phoenix, took place in a Washington studio with no audience, a move made to limit possible exposure to the virus - a sign of how deeply the campaign routine has been reshaped by the global pandemic. Reuters
WS5e6ecbe1a31012821727f411	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ecbe1a31012821727f411.html	2020-03-16	Shanghai Natural History Museum reopens with coronavirus prevention measures	People visit the Shanghai Natural History Museum in East China's Shanghai, March 13, 2020. The Shanghai Natural History Museum reopened to the public from Friday with measures taken to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus.[Photo/Xinhua] People visit the Shanghai Natural History Museum in East China's Shanghai, March 13, 2020. The Shanghai Natural History Museum reopened to the public from Friday with measures taken to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus.[Photo/Xinhua] People visit the Shanghai Natural History Museum in East China's Shanghai, March 13, 2020. The Shanghai Natural History Museum reopened to the public from Friday with measures taken to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus.[Photo/Xinhua] A child visits the Shanghai Natural History Museum in East China's Shanghai, March 13, 2020. The Shanghai Natural History Museum reopened to the public from Friday with measures taken to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus.[Photo/Xinhua] People visit the Shanghai Natural History Museum in East China's Shanghai, March 13, 2020. The Shanghai Natural History Museum reopened to the public from Friday with measures taken to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus.[Photo/Xinhua] People visit the Shanghai Natural History Museum in East China's Shanghai, March 13, 2020. The Shanghai Natural History Museum reopened to the public from Friday with measures taken to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus.[Photo/Xinhua]  
WS5e6ec0ffa31012821727f3cf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/16/WS5e6ec0ffa31012821727f3cf.html	2020-03-16	Coronavirus cases outside China increase by nearly 11,000 in 24 hours: WHO	People wearing protective face masks look on a phone, on the fourth day of an unprecedented lockdown across of all Italy imposed to slow the outbreak of coronavirus, in Ostia, near Rome, Italy, on March 13, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] GENEVA - The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 outside China has increased by 10,955 to 72,469 in the past 24 hours as of 10:00 CET Sunday, according to the daily situation report released by the World Health Organization (WHO). The report showed a total of 153,517 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus infection have been reported globally as of Sunday morning. Outside China, 333 more patients died of COVID-19 compared to the previous day, bringing the death toll to 2,531. Additional nine countries and regions have reported confirmed cases of COVID-19, lifting the number of affected countries and regions globally to 144. In Europe, the epicenter of the COVID-19 pandemic, more than 45,000 cases were reported by over 50 countries and regions as of Sunday morning. The most affected European countries with over 1,000 cases each - Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Switzerland and Britain - have reported over 37,000 infections in total as of Sunday morning. Besides, the report showed 80 countries and regions outside China have seen local transmission of COVID-19.
WS5e6e30efa31012821727f369	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6e30efa31012821727f369.html	2020-03-15	Guangzhou records first imported case of coronavirus	South China's Guangzhou reported the city's first imported COVID-19 case. A man surnamed Gao was confirmed with the disease after he arrived in Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport in the Guangdong provincial capital from the Philippines. Gao, 50, a native of Heilongjiang province in Northeast China, arrived in the airport at 8:10 pm on Friday. Gao, who has lived and worked in the Philippines for years, left the Guangzhou airport for his apartment in Guangzhou's Tianhe district through a ride-hailing car after having throat-swab sample collected for examination at the airport at 10:45 pm. Gao's throat-swab sample was tested positive at 8:30 am on Saturday. And Gao was immediately sent to Guangzhou No. 8 People's Hospital, a designated hospital for COVID-19 patients, for isolation treatment and his second throat-swab sample tested positive again at the hospital around noon on Saturday. Gao had had no fever or cough and began developing the symptoms of bronchitis and pneumonia on Sunday. By the end of Sunday, 32 people were contacted who had close contact with Gao. Among them, 14 people still in Guangzhou have been isolated for further medical observation. And the city's health department has also informed its counterparts in other cities to cope with the rest 18 people who left Guangzhou. According to health authorities in Guangdong province, all the passengers who come from the countries and regions where Covid-19 hit hard have now been required to be sent to designated isolation venues for two weeks of medical observation.
WS5e6e2312a31012821727f35d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6e2312a31012821727f35d.html	2020-03-15	Last coronavirus patient leaves Tianjin hospital	The last COVID-19 patient in North China's municipality of Tianjin is discharged from Haihe Hospital on Sunday. [Photo by Yang Cheng/China Daily] The last COVID-19 patient in North China's municipality of Tianjin was discharged from Haihe Hospital on Sunday, meaning the city has cured all its 133 confirmed cases. The patient was the first confirmed case in the Baodi Department Store, epicenter of the epidemic outbreak in Tianjin, said Mei Zaoxian, doctor in charge of the patient's treatment at the hospital. Shao Shifeng, vice-director of the designated hospital, said: "In retrospect to the past 55 days that the hospital began offering centralized treatment to the confirmed cases in Tianjin, the last patient leaving the hospital indicates that the city's campaign has been a success." But he warned the potential risk brought by the people coming from overseas, although Tianjin has reported no imported case. "The hospital is always ready for patients," he added. The last COVID-19 patient in North China's municipality of Tianjin is discharged from Haihe Hospital on Sunday. [Photo by Yang Cheng/China Daily] A medical worker writes "zero" on the protective suit at the Haihe Hospital in Tianjin on Sunday, marking the discharge of the last COVID-19 case in the city. [Photo by Yang Cheng/China Daily]
WS5e6e1453a31012821727f33b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6e1453a31012821727f33b.html	2020-03-15	Wuhan reopens 41 hospitals for non-coronavirus patients	Medical workers dance together to celebrate the closing of the Jianghan Makeshift Hospital in Central China's Wuhan on March 9, 2020. [Photo by Chen Liang/chinadaily.com.cn] Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak in China, has reopened 41 hospitals for patients with urgent medical needs that are not coronavirus-related, a local official said on Sunday. Li Tao, deputy secretary-general of Wuhan city government, told a news conference on Sunday that these hospitals have started to treat pregnant women, children and patients with cardiovascular disease, those who need dialysis or have malignant tumor. The city's novel coronavirus outbreak has become less serious, so it has transferred its medical resources to other patients and tried to gradually restore normal medical treatment, Li said at the news conference. The city will gradually restore the basic medical services at community medical centers to meet its citizens’ needs and reopen community vaccination service for children and other people in need, he said. Remaining novel coronavirus patients will be gradually transferred to 10 hospitals with better medical conditions, Li said, adding that the hospitals with no coronavirus patients will undergone sterilization and shift in layout and medical workers to restore normal medical treatment.
WS5e6e0f59a31012821727f32a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6e0f59a31012821727f32a.html	2020-03-15	Jiangsu discharges last coronavirus patient	Doctors from Jiangsu Province Hospital answer online queries from patients in Nanjing, capital of Jiangsu province, on Feb 7. [Photo/Xinhua] Jiangsu province of East China cured all its 631 confirmed cases of COVID-19 and discharged the last patient from the hospital on Sunday. Among the cured patients, the oldest was 97 years old and the youngest 10 months. A pregnant patient in Suzhou was discharged from the hospital after giving birth to a healthy baby in February. The province, which has more than 80 million permanent residents and a floating population of 20 million, has seen no new confirmed cases of coronavirus infection for 25 consecutive days.
WS5e6dd4d3a31012821727f2ad	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6dd4d3a31012821727f2ad.html	2020-03-15	Coronavirus crisis delays opening of Netanyahu trial	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives for a speech at his Jerusalem office, regarding the new measures that will be taken to fight the coronavirus, March 14, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's corruption trial was delayed on Sunday for two months, until May, due to the coronavirus crisis. Israel's Justice Ministry said the trial, due to have opened on March 17 with the reading of an indictment against Israel's longest-serving leader in three graft cases, would begin on May 24 "due to developments related to the spread of the coronavirus". Netanyahu has denied any wrongdoing in the investigations. Reuters
WS5e6dbd28a31012821727f288	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6dbd28a31012821727f288.html	2020-03-15	Five more imported novel coronavirus cases in Beijing	An official monitors a thermal scanner as people wearing face masks arrive at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, Jan 25, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Beijing found five imported cases of novel coronavirus on Saturday, while no local cases have been seen for days, Beijing authorities reported on Sunday. So far, the city has confirmed a total of 27 infections from overseas, exceeding 25 cases domestically transmitted from outside. Of the five cases, three came from Spain, one from Italy and one from Thailand, according to the Municipal Center for Disease Control and Prevention. At the beginning of this month, Beijing started underscoring imported infections from overseas as a grave threat to curbing the contagion. The watchdog recently warned citizens against traveling in epidemic-hit places as the pandemic has been spreading to more than 100 countries and regions. To date, Beijing has reported 415 cases — 353 have been discharged from the hospital after recovering from treatment — 37 suspected cases and 475 close contacts are still under medical observation.
WS5e6d8231a31012821727f255	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6d8231a31012821727f255.html	2020-03-15	Locally transmitted novel coronavirus cases continue to fall	Medical workers walk past cherry trees at a hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, March 14, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The numbers of locally transmitted confirmed cases of novel coronavirus disease on the Chinese mainland have been continuously falling, with only four local cases being reported in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak in the country, on Saturday, according to the National Health Commission. A total of 20 new confirmed cases of coronavirus infection and 10 deaths were reported on Saturday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 80,844 and 3,199 respectively, the commission said Sunday morning. As the outbreak slows within the country but picks up speed across the world, the Chinese mainland reported 16 new imported cases on Saturday, with five in Beijing, four in East China's Zhejiang province and three in Northwest China's Gansu province, as well as three in Shanghai and one in South China's Guangdong province. By the end of Saturday, a total of 111 imported cases of novel coronavirus infection had been reported, the commission said. All of the new fatalities occurred in Hubei province, it said, adding that with another 39 new suspected cases reported Saturday, a total of 113 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus. Also on Saturday, 1,370 people were discharged from the hospital after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 384 to 3,226. A total of 66,911 people had been discharged from hospital after recovery as of Saturday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 679,759 people with close contact with patients, adding that among them, 1,409 were discharged from medical observation Saturday, with 10,189 others still under medical observation. By the end of Saturday, 141 confirmed cases, including four deaths, had been reported in Hong Kong, 10 confirmed cases in Macao, and 53 in Taiwan, including one death. Eighty-one patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 20 in Taiwan have been discharged from the hospital after recovery. Hubei province, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, also remained overall in a downward trend regarding new daily infections, reporting four new confirmed cases of virus infection, along with 10 new deaths on Saturday. And the latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the hard-hit province to 67,794 and total deaths to 3,085. All new infections in the province on Saturday occurred in Wuhan, the provincial capital, as well as the new deaths. In total, the city has registered 49,999 confirmed cases and 2,456 deaths. The province also saw 1,335 patients discharged from the hospital after recovery on Saturday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 54,278 it said, adding that Hubei had 18 suspected cases as of Saturday midnight.
WS5e6d776da31012821727f24e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6d776da31012821727f24e.html	2020-03-15	Italy registers 17,750 coronavirus infections, death toll up to 1,441	People wearing protective face masks looks on a phone, on the fourth day of an unprecedented lockdown across of all Italy imposed to slow the outbreak of coronavirus, in Ostia, near Rome, Italy, March 13, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - The number of people who have tested positive for the novel coronavirus since the epidemic hit Italy reached 17,750 as of Saturday, the Italian authorities said. The figure marked an increase of 2,795 cases over that of the previous day, and did not include recoveries or fatalities, according to the latest update provided at a press conference by the Civil Protection Department which is coordinating the national emergency response. The death toll also grew by 175 cases on a daily basis to 1,441. An upward trend was confirmed also for recoveries. Some 527 people were dismissed in the day, bringing the total to 1,966, Civil Protection Department chief Angelo Borrelli told a televised press conference. Among the 17,750 people positive for COVID-19, some 1,518 were currently in intensive care (190 new cases), while 8,372 were hospitalized with symptoms, and 7,860 under home confinement as they were asymptomatic or with light symptoms. Considering all data (including deaths and recoveries), the total number of assessed coronavirus cases in Italy was 21,157, Borrelli added. One of the latest cases was Italy's Deputy Minister of Health Pierpaolo Sileri, who issued a statement on Saturday confirming that he had tested positive. By making his infection known, Sileri joins a growing list of high-profile officials infected that includes Nicola Zingaretti, president of the region of central Lazio and head of the Democratic Party; Alberto Cirio, president of the northern region of Piedmont; Army Chief of Staff Salvatore Farina, and Deputy Minister of Education Anna Ascani. According to the latest data provided by the Civil Protection Deptartment, in terms of geographical distribution of infections, Lombardy (9,059), Emilia Romagna (2,349), Veneto (1,775), Marche (863), and Piedmont (814) remained the most affected regions. Lombardy's regional authorities sounded particularly concerned over the situation on Saturday, in terms of burden on the regional health system. In a televised press conference in Milan, Lombardy's Welfare Councillor Giulio Gallera explained they currently had 4,898 people hospitalized -- with a daily increase of 463 new cases -- and 732 people in intensive care, including 85 new cases. "We are working miracles, and the fact we have been so far able to find new beds in intensive care every day is quite unbelievable," Lombardy's regional president Attilio Fontana said at the same press conference. In related news, the Transport Ministry said all regular connections and passenger transport between the mainland and major Sardinia Island were suspended, following a specific request by the regional president. "Only maritime transport of goods is allowed... and the maritime transport of people can possibly take place only after authorization of the regional governor, and for urgent needs that cannot be delayed," the ministry said in a statement. "The same goes for air passenger transport, with one connection only between Rome Fiumicino Airport and Cagliari Airport, as long as the reasons for moving are proven and cannot be postponed," it added. Italy's National Health Institute (ISS) provided insights related to lethality (number of deaths out of total number of infected people) on the base of data updated until Friday. "The lethality of COVID-19 in Italy is currently 5.8 percent," the ISS said in a statement on Friday. "The average age of deceased patients positive to COVID-19 is 80 years, about 15 years higher than the average age of those infected (living)." "Stratified by age group, lethality is not higher than that in other countries," explained Graziano Onder, director of the ISS department of cardiovascular, endocrine-metabolic, and aging diseases.
WS5e6d68aca31012821727f23b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6d68aca31012821727f23b.html	2020-03-15	US President Trump tests negative for coronavirus	US President Donald Trump. [Photo/Agnecies] WASHINGTON - US President Donald Trump tested negative for the novel coronavirus, according to a memorandum released by the White House physician Sean Conley Saturday night. "Last night after an in-depth discussion with the President regarding COVID-19 testing, he elected to proceed," Conley wrote in the memorandum. "This evening I received confirmation that the test is negative." Conley noted that Trump "remains symptom-free" one week after having dinner with the Brazilian delegation at the president's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. "I have been in daily contact with the CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) and White House Coronavirus Task Force, and we are encouraging the implementation of all their best practices for exposure reduction and transmission mitigation," said the White House physician. During a press conference Friday in the Rose Garden, reporters had asked Trump why he was still not tested after coming into contact with a member of the Brazilian delegation who had tested positive for the virus. At a White House press briefing earlier in the day, Trump confirmed he has been tested for the virus. Out of "an abundance of caution," the White House has also begun checking the temperatures of anyone in close contact with Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, White House deputy press secretary Judd Deere said Saturday. The United States reported 2,726 COVID-19 cases as of Saturday night with at least 54 deaths, according to the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University.
WS5e6d64f0a31012821727f238	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6d64f0a31012821727f238.html	2020-03-15	Spanish PM's wife tests positive for coronavirus	Spain's Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez and his wife Maria Begona Gomez Fernandez arrive ahead of the G20 leaders summit in Osaka, Japan June 27, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] MADRID - Begona Gomez, the wife of Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, has tested positive for the coronavirus, the Prime Minister's Office confirmed late on Saturday night. Both Gomez and Sanchez are in good condition, according to government sources, and are following the preventive measures recommended by health authorities. The news came just three hours after Sanchez approved the imposition of a State of Alarm for all of Spain for the next 15 days, with shops (except those selling "essential goods"), bars, restaurants, cinemas, schools and universities all closed and travel restrictions imposed on the whole population. The Spanish military has also been mobilized to help deal with the coronavirus crisis and to assure essential supplies, while intercity trains and buses have seen their services reduced by 50 percent as the number of confirmed cases in Spain has spiraled to over 6,300. Other Spanish politicians tested positive for the virus include Minister for Equality Irene Montero, partner of Spain's Second Deputy Prime Minister Pablo Iglesias, who was present along with Sanchez at an emergency cabinet meeting on Saturday; and Carolina Darias, Minister of Territorial Policy and Public Function. Santiago Abascal, leader of the far right party Vox, and Ortega Smith, secretary general of Vox, have also tested positive for the coronavirus.
WS5e6d5cb6a31012821727f22c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6d5cb6a31012821727f22c.html	2020-03-15	Nearly 10,000 more coronavirus cases reported outside China in 24 hours: WHO	A man wears a mask as he walks through Knightsbridge, as the number of coronavirus cases grow around the world, in central London, Britain, March 14, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] GENEVA - A total of 9,751 new cases of of COVID-19 infection were reported outside China in the past 24 hours as of 10:00 CET Saturday, bringing the global number of coronavirus cases to 142,539, according to the daily situation report released by the World Health Organization (WHO). Outside China, 61,518 confirmed cases of COVID-19 were reported as of Saturday morning, among which 2,199 patients died, an increase of 424 deaths compared to the previous day. Additional 13 countries and regions have reported confirmed cases of COVID-19, lifting the number of affected countries and regions globally to 135. In Europe, the epicenter of the COVID-19 pandemic, more than 36,000 cases were reported by over 50 countries and regions as of Saturday morning. The most affected European countries with over 1,000 cases each -- Italy, Spain, France, Germany and Switzerland -- have seen nearly 30,000 infections in total as of Saturday morning. Besides, the report showed 77 countries and regions outside China have seen local transmission of COVID-19.
WS5e6d3748a31012821727f228	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6d3748a31012821727f228.html	2020-03-15	France beefs up measures to contain coronavirus pandemic	A couple sits in a restaurant, as France's Prime Minister announced to close most all non-indispensable locations, notably cafes, restaurants, cinemas, nightclubs and shops from midnight on Saturday, March 14, due to concerns over the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Nice, France March 14, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS -- After banning gatherings of over 100 people and closing all nurseries and schools, France on Saturday announced a countrywide shutdown of all non-essential public places in a fresh move to halt the spread of the novel coronavirus. Warning "an acceleration of the virus spread, and an increase in the number of people in intensive care," French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe ordered the closure from Saturday midnight and until further notice all non-necessary businesses, including shops, restaurants, cinema, bars and discos. Only food stores, pharmacies, banks, petrol stations and tobacco shops will stay open. Public transport networks will operate. Places of worship would stay open but all services and ceremonies would have to be postponed. Philippe urged the French to "absolutely" limit their movement, avoid inter-city travel and strictly respect the guidelines of distancing. "Facing a virus which is rapidly spreading, we decided to step up measures which hit social life," he said, noting that too many people were still out in the streets and not sufficiently respecting barrier gestures recommended by health experts. "We must all together show more discipline to apply these measures. We must avoid gathering as much as possible, limit friends' and family gatherings," stressed the prime minister in a joint briefing with Director-General of Health Jerome Salomon. As of Saturday, coronavirus infection cases in France doubled to 4,500 in 72 hours, of which 91 died. 300 patients are now hospitalized in intensive care, half of whom below 60 years of age, Salomon announced. France now move to "stage 3", the highest emergency level of its epidemic response plan, which requires reinforced measures to reduce the pandemic impact. Under France's epidemic response plan adopted in 2011, the authorities' objective in stage 3 moves from "slowing down the spread" to "attenuating the effects of the epidemic wave". Since entering stage 2 on Feb. 28, the French authorities had vowed to mobilize all necessary preparations before the transition into the highest alert stage, which they expected to delay as long as possible. Stage 3 marks the end of individual monitoring of cases by the Health Watch Institute. In case of saturation of the health care resources, treatment priorities must be applied, according to the 2011 epidemic response guide.
WS5e6d0a3fa31012821727f21f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/15/WS5e6d0a3fa31012821727f21f.html	2020-03-15	Trump says he has been tested for coronavirus	US President Donald Trump just said that he took the test for novel coronavirus last night, and the result is awaiting.
WS5e6cf5d5a31012821727f21a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/14/WS5e6cf5d5a31012821727f21a.html	2020-03-14	UK novel coronavirus deaths rises to 21	Ten more people who tested positive for the novel coronavirus have died, the UK Department of Health said, bringing the death toll in the UK to 21. Chris Whitty, chief medical officer, said the 10 patients were in the at-risk group. The total number of deaths has almost doubled in the past 24 hours, going up from 11 to 21. “I understand this increase in the number of deaths linked to COVID-19 will be a cause for concern for many. The public should know every measure we are taking is seeking to save lives and protect the most vulnerable,” Whitty said. As of 9:00 on Saturday, 37,746 people have been tested in the UK, of which 1,140 were confirmed as positive.
WS5e6ccd32a31012821727f1f6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/14/WS5e6ccd32a31012821727f1f6.html	2020-03-14	Kenyan university holds a sensitization forum on coronavirus	Marybeth Maritim from the University of Nairobi demonstrates how to use a facial mask while responding to a question on their efficacy at a public forum on the novel coronavirus in Nairobi, Kenya. [Photo by Otiato Opali/chinadaily.com.cn] The University of Nairobi in Kenya held a forum to sensitize the public on issues surrounding the coronavirus at the university's Chandaria Auditorium. The forum held on Thursday assembled a panel of five experts from the areas of virology, anthropology, economics, public health and physiology to unpack the health, social and economic impact of the virus for the public. Moses Masika, a lecturer at the university and the moderator of the session, said the university found it necessary to hold the forum in order to address myths and facts about the coronavirus. "While issuing the executive order on the emergency response to the coronavirus, president Uhuru Kenyatta urged players in the private and nongovernmental sectors to support the government in raising awareness about the virus and that is why we have taken up the challenge to hold this forum and avail the public with information about the virus," Masika said. While giving an eye-opening talk on corona viruses, Omu Anzala a virologist at the university, clarified that the spillover of the virus that emanated from Wuhan, China, could emerge from anywhere including Kenya. While saying that bats are believed to be the ancestral host of all the known corona virus lineages with transmission to animals, birds and humans, Anzala said that a research project by the university in 2018 in Kenya's coastal town of Taita revealed that coronavirus prevalence in bats at the town was 10.8 percent. "Let us not imagine that the virus is far away from us, it could emerge from any point including this country," Anzala said. "This therefore calls for us to be sensitive and not discriminate against people like the Chinese in our country because the outbreak is not as a result of their fault." While talking about the social implication of the outbreak, Salome Bukachi, a medical anthropologist at the university, said that Kenyans should be prepared to change how they interact with one another as they observe precautionary measures to avoid the spread of the disease. "We should start practicing alternative ways of greeting each other that do not involve handshakes and reduce unnecessary social and family gatherings. We should also be careful about the information we spread especially on social media since unverified information can lead to panic which might cause unwarranted stigmatization against health workers, people of a certain ethnicity or patients," Bukachi said. Marybeth Maritim, a physician at the university, reminded the public that the greatest responsibility in preventing infection by the virus lies with individuals. "I know we like asking what the government has done to prevent the disease from spreading in our country but I want to remind you that the responsibility to avoid infection lies with the individual," Maritim said. She encouraged Kenyans to adopt the best practices prescribed by the ministry of health and emphasized that these habits should be adopted by everyone in the households including children. On Friday, Kenya's health ministry confirmed the first positive case of coronavirus in the East African country. The case is a 27–year-old Kenyan woman who traveled from the US through London to Nairobi. According to the ministry, the patient is in isolation and her condition is stable. The panel of experts at the public sensitization forum on the coronavirus note down questions from the public concerning the virus. [Photo by Otiato Opali/chinadaily.com.cn] Omu Anzala, a virologist from the University of Nairobi, gives a talk on the nature and characteristics of corona viruses. [Photo by Otiato Opali/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e6c9dfca31012821727f1bd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/14/WS5e6c9dfca31012821727f1bd.html	2020-03-14	UNICEF HK to help children fight novel coronavirus	A woman and her child wearing facemasks look out at Victoria Harbour from the Star Ferry in Hong Kong on Feb 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] A United Nations-affiliated charity said on Friday it'll provide hygiene bags with personal care items, such as masks, to children from low-income families amid growing concerns over the safety of students with classes due to resume next month. Judy Chen, chairperson of the Hong Kong Committee for the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF HK), said vulnerable children from grassroots families have been exposed to huge risks in the current health crisis due to a lack of resources. Therefore, the organization intends to help those most in need in the community, she said. UNICEF HK will purchase 1 million child masks for local children in need, using donations from property tycoon Lee Shau-kee's son, Martin Lee Ka-shing, through the Henderson Development Anti-Epidemic Fund. Martin Lee is chairman and managing director of Henderson Investment - one of the city's largest property developers. UNICEF HK said there could be a severe shortage of surgical masks for children when the new semester resumes in mid-April as scheduled. The organization has trained more than 100 volunteers, who will make home visits to 10,000 low-income families to disseminate coronavirus prevention instructions and distribute hygiene bags with personal care items. About 40,000 children in Hong Kong, aged 15 or below, come from low-income families living in subdivided units, according to the Census and Statistics Department. In addition, children with chronic diseases and weak immune systems will also be helped by UNICEF HK.
WS5e6c8412a31012821727f1ad	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/14/WS5e6c8412a31012821727f1ad.html	2020-03-14	Wuhan shutdown delayed spread of coronavirus by around three days, study claims	A medical team from Shanghai undergoes induction on its arrival in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 25. [Photo/Xinhua] The Wuhan shutdown had delayed the spread of COVID-19 to other Chinese cities by nearly three days, and the overall national emergency response efforts had cut the number of confirmed cases outside the city by 744,000 by mid-February, according to an international study published on Mar 10. The Wuhan travel ban alone had reduced 202,000 cases in China, delaying epidemic growth and buying valuable time for other areas to mobilize and response, the study said. The research was done by 22 scientists from 15 institutions in China, United States and United Kingdom. It was published on health sciences preprint server medRxiv, meaning it has not been peer-reviewed and its results are up for debate. The research examines the impact of transmission control measures against COVID-19 in China from Dec 19 to Feb 19, the first 50 days of the epidemic. Wuhan went into lockdown on Jan 23, followed by the whole Hubei province a day later. These transmission control efforts included travel restriction, isolating suspected and confirmed cases, suspending schools and entertainment venues, banning public gatherings, and routine health checks on the population. However, an estimated 4.3 million people travelled out of the city between Jan 11 and the time of lockdown due to the Chinese Lunar New Year holidays. The study said the spread of COVID-19 from Wuhan was rapid with 262 Chinese cities reporting cases within 28 days. For comparison, the 2009 H1N1 influenza took 132 days to reach the same number of cities. The Wuhan travel ban delayed the arrival of COVID-19 in other cities by an estimated 2.91 days on average. More than 130 cities, covering over half the geographic area and population in China, benefited from the delay. But a large fraction of the Chinese population remained at risk by Feb 19, and relaxing control measures at the time could lead to a resurgence of transmission. While the impact of the entire national emergency response is hard to evaluate, scientists found that suspending intra-city public transport, closing entertainment venues and banning public gatherings, contributed to the overall containment of the epidemic. "With that caveat, we conclude that these control measures had a major impact on the COVID-19 epidemic, averting hundreds of thousands of cases by Feb 19," the study said. "Whether the means and the outcomes of control can be replicated outside China are now under intense investigation as the virus continues to spread worldwide."
WS5e6c4e6ea31012821727f14b	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/14/WS5e6c4e6ea31012821727f14b.html	2020-03-14	Coronavirus: latest figures show positive trend expanding	Volunteers help elderly residents fill bottles with disinfectant in the Qijiahuozi residential community in the Chaoyang district of Beijing on March 13, 2020. [Photo by Feng Yongbin/chinadaily.com.cn] Domestic confirmed and suspected infections of the novel coronavirus nationwide have fallen in the past week, and the recovery rate has risen during the same period, Mi Feng, spokesman for the National Health Commission, said on Saturday. In Wuhan, Hubei province, the rate of patients cured and discharged from hospitals has reached 72.9 percent. In other regions of Hubei, the recovery rate stands at 92.7 percent and across the rest of the country, the rate is 97.3 percent, according to Mi. The number of indigenous confirmed infections under treatment on the Chinese mainland dropped to 12,094, including 3,610 in severe condition, and the number of suspected cases fell to 115 as of Friday, according to commission data released on Saturday morning. "Following strenuous efforts, the positive trend of China's epidemic situation has taken hold and is expanding," Mi said, adding that most counties in the country are deemed at low risk of the virus' spread. According to the commission, the Chinese mainland added 11 new confirmed cases on Friday, including four indigenous cases registered in Wuhan and seven imported cases, with four in Shanghai, two in Gansu province and one in Beijing. That has brought the accumulated number of infections to 80,824 nationwide as of Friday, including 95 imported cases. The commission also reported 13 new deaths on Friday - all in Hubei - bringing the total death toll to 3,189. On Friday, 1,430 patients were released from the hospital, and the number of patients in severe condition had fallen by 410, the commission said. A total of 678,935 close contacts had been traced as of Friday, with 10,879 of them remaining under medical observation, it said. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have so far reported a total of 197 confirmed cases, with four deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, it added. In Hubei, the cumulative number of confirmed cases by Friday rose to 67,790, with about 50,000 of them reported in Wuhan. The total fatalities were at 3,075.
WS5e6c2fd0a31012821727f112	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/14/WS5e6c2fd0a31012821727f112.html	2020-03-14	Europe, now epicenter of pandemic, mobilized to combat coronavirus	A worker sanitizes a street on the fourth day of an unprecedented lockdown across of all Italy imposed to slow the outbreak of coronavirus, in Milan, Italy, March 13, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS - Europe, which has become the epicenter of the COVID-19 pandemic, according to World Health Organization (WHO) chief on Friday, is now fully mobilized in hammering out extraordinary measures to curb the spreading of the novel coronavirus. Epicenter of pandemic "Europe has now become the epicenter of the pandemic with more reported cases and deaths than the rest of world combined apart from China," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus noted at a daily briefing in Geneva. As of Friday morning, 28,297 cases have been reported in the European Union/European Economic Area, among whom 1,191 people lost their lives, according to the European Center for Disease Prevention (ECDP). Italy, the hardest-hit country, reported 250 new coronavirus deaths, taking the toll to 1,266, with 17,660 infections overall, a rise of 2,547 since Thursday evening. Three-digit or close to four-digit increase were reported in big countries, bringing tolls up in Spain (4,334 infection, 122 deaths), France (3,661, 79), Germany (3,062, 8) and the United Kingdom (798, 11). Smaller-sized nations suffered no less. In The Netherlands, the number of deaths rose from five to 10 in one day, while the total of positive increased by 190 to 804. Belgium reported 160 new infections, bringing the total to 559. In Luxemburg, a country of half a million people, at least 29 people were infected. Extraordinary measures European countries in the epicenter started to hammer out extraordinary measures including school closure, gathering ban, election delay and border closure in some places. Italy remains under lockdown since Tuesday, with a total closure of venues and activities but for those providing basic supplies and services, such as supermarkets, pharmacies, public transports, post offices, and banks. Spain declared a state of emergency which grants the state wide-ranging powers to limit the movement of people and vehicles, allows for the temporary seizure of property, obliges people to provide certain services, mobilizes the army and imposes rationing. France lowered the size limit for gatherings to 100 people, instead of 1,000 previously. All nurseries and schools will be closed starting from Monday. Museums and libraries are recommended to limit their activities or to close their doors. The country's two landmarks -- the Louvre Museum and the Eiffel Tower -- immediately followed the government directive. In Germany, many states announced school closures. In Belgium, schools, discos, cafes and restaurants will be closed until April 3. All recreational, sports, cultural or folklore activities -- whether public or private and regardless of size -- will be cancelled. Denmark plans to close its borders as of noon Saturday. Starting on Sunday, Poland will ban entry to the country for foreigners, and international air and train connections will be suspended. Long battle ahead Despite drastic measures, European nations admit that it would be a long battle to counter the novel coronavirus. When announcing "state of emergency", Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez acknowledged this was just the "first phase" of the battle and that "very difficult weeks lie ahead." It was "impossible to rule out that we will reach 10,000 cases in the coming week," he said, adding that the measures were aimed at stopping the virus spreading "too quickly", and to ensure that "the most vulnerable people" can get the treatment they need. When addressing his nation, French President Emmanuel Macron also noted that France is "only at the beginning of the epidemic" which brought the country into its worst sanitary crisis in a century. For British government's Chief Scientific Adviser Patrick Vallance, probably between 5,000 and 10,000 people could have COVID-19 in the UK. "It's not possible to stop everybody getting it (COVID-19) and it's also not desirable because you want some immunity in the population." He also said the main aim is to protect vulnerable and elderly from coronavirus. Helping hand from China As China sees the light at the end of the tunnel in its fight against COVID-19, it is lending a hand to European countries, a number of which had come to China's assistance at the early stage of the outbreak. On Thursday night, a charter flight carrying a 9-member Chinese aid team, along with tonnes of medical supplies, arrived at Rome's Fiumicino Airport, in part of China's efforts to help Italy contain the coronavirus outbreak. The team took with them more than 700 pieces of equipment and goods including ventilators, monitors and defibrillators. "We bring here 30 sets of ICU equipment," one of the team members wearing a mask told media after getting off the plane. On Friday night, a plane carrying Chinese medical supplies for Europe landed in Liege, Belgium. The supplies were donated by two charities -- Jack Ma Foundation and Alibaba Foundation and comprise half a million face masks, which will be sent to Italy. The two charities are donating in total two million masks and other crucial supplies such as test kits. In addition to medical supplies, China is also sharing its experiences in fighting COVID-19. "We heard a lot of new information which will be very useful," top Croatian epidemiologist Bernard Kaic told Xinhua after a three-hour video conference on Friday between Chinese health officials, experts and their European colleagues. The video conference was held at the Chinese Embassy here as part of the cooperation between China and Central and Eastern European Countries (17+1). Chinese health officials presented their latest conclusions on COVID-19, shared their insights on the virus outbreak and offered feasible measures to fight the virus and illness.
WS5e6babd4a31012821727f071	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6babd4a31012821727f071.html	2020-03-13	US speeds up testing for coronavirus	[Photo/Agencies] The Trump administration moved on Friday to speed up coronavirus screening in the United States as more than 1,600 cases of the disease were being treated, including at least one patient in nearly every state and the District of Columbia. The Food and Drug Administration said that a 24-hour emergency hotline would be created to help private sector and academic labs authorize new tests and process the ones deployed. The unit within the Department of Health and Human Services that does biomedical research will award over a million dollars to two companies to speed up the development of the tests, the department announced Friday morning. Meanwhile, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told reporters that "we've resolved most of our differences" on legislation to counter the impact of the virus and that the House would vote on Friday on the measure, "one way or another''. It would then go to the Senate, which called off a recess that had been scheduled for next week. The legislation, Democratic aides said, will include enhanced unemployment benefits, free virus testing and aid for food assistance programs. The package also ensures 14 days of paid sick leave, as well as tax credits to help small- and medium-size businesses fulfill that mandate. Language was still being drafted for provisions related to family and medical leave, according to a Democratic aide, as aides worked through the night to prepare the bill. All public schools, and many if not all private schools, in Oregon, Ohio, Michigan, Maryland, Kentucky and New Mexico were told to close beginning next week, and the governor of Washington State ordered all schools shut in three counties near Seattle. The Houston Independent School District, the largest school district in Texas, also said it was closing for two weeks. The closings could have a severe effect on parents who will need to find childcare, and on the many students who depend on the schools for free lunches. Some of the largest school districts in the country have remained open amid the coronavirus threat. Officials in New York, home to the nation's largest school district, have said they will not close schools. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio on Thursday declared a state of emergency for the city, which will empower him to take expedited measures to control the outbreak; he could, for example, implement a curfew, limit traffic to emergency vehicles or suspend certain laws. He said that New Yorkers should prepare themselves for restrictions that could last as long as six months. Cases in New York State grew to 325, with 95 cases in New York City. Mr. de Blasio suggested that there would be 1,000 positive cases by next week as testing increased. In Italy, daily life has ground to a halt. More than 1,000 people have died there. Singapore on Friday expanded  travel restrictions to parts of Europe, barring anyone with recent travel history to France, Germany and Spain from entering or transiting through the country. Travel restrictions against countries like China, South Korea, Italy and Iran are already in place. Even the most popular route to Mount Everest is shutting down as Nepal seeks to check the spread of the pandemic.
WS5e6b8f97a31012821727f06a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b8f97a31012821727f06a.html	2020-03-13	Spain to declare state of emergency over coronavirus -  source	Lottery street seller Ignacio wears a protective mask as he waits for customers in unusually quiet Preciados street in central Madrid, Spain, March 13, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MADRID - Spain's government will declare a state of emergency over the coronavirus outbreak on Friday, a source with knowledge of the decision said, allowing authorities to confine infected people and ration goods. Madrid region has also decided to close restaurants, bars and shops from Saturday, Spanish media including El Independiente newspaper said, with only supermarkets and pharmacies allowed to remain open. The steps would represent a dramatic increase in Spain's response to the rapidly-spreading virus. Spain has the second-highest number of coronavirus cases in Europe after Italy. The current Spanish tally stands at 4,209, up by about 1,000 cases from Thursday and seven times as much as on Sunday. About 120 people have died. Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez will make an address to the nation at around 1430 (1330 GMT), his office said. Madrid, which has the highest number of cases in the country, was quiet on Friday, with shops, streets and cafes largely deserted. The Basque Country, one of Spain's wealthiest regions, earlier on Friday declared a health emergency, which regional president Inigo Urkullu said would allow the region to declare quarantines rapidly if needed, evacuate people and restrict access to some areas. Catalan authorities on Thursday locked down four towns around the village of Igualada - 49 km (30 miles) north of Barcelona - after an outbreak in the area.  - Reuters
WS5e6b7d0da31012821727f052	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b7d0da31012821727f052.html	2020-03-13	Hubei coronavirus hospitals to gradually resume normal function	Medical workers disinfect an ICU ward of Union Jiangbei Hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province on March 12, 2020. [Photo by Chen Liang/for chinadaily.com.cn] Health authorities in Hubei province pledged on Friday to gradually restore the functions of some hospitals conscripted to treat COVID-19 patients exclusively. Tu Yuanchao, deputy director of the Hubei provincial health commission, said at a news conference in provincial capital Wuhan the city would recover the facilities' operations in several dispatches to meet local people's increasing demand for regular health service. He said the job should be carried out with a concerted effort while reserving sufficient hospital beds for possible new infections, as epidemic control is still the priority across Hubei province. To address medical resource disparities in rural areas, Tu said distance health consultations and medical tours would be held. Training sessions would also be arranged for rural health service centers to bolster their diagnostic capacity. The remarks came as Wuhan has for two consecutive days reported only single-digit infection numbers for COVID-19, which Tu said has enabled the epidemic control force to shift its strategies from being defensive to aggressive.
WS5e6b7036a31012821727f039	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b7036a31012821727f039.html	2020-03-13	Rehabilitation for coronavirus patients prepared in Hubei	A patient cured of the novel coronavirus pneumonia goes to a rehabilitation outpatient clinic in Central China's Hubei province for a re-examination on March 6, 2020. [Photo by Wang Jing/chinadaily.com.cn] Local health authorities in Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, rolled out multiple measures for the rehabilitation of pneumonia patients discharged from the hospital, according to Tu Yuanchao, deputy head of the provincial health commission. Clinics for patient rehabilitation will be established in designated hospitals and community medical institutions, he said on Friday at a media briefing in Wuhan, capital of the province. Tu also noted the integrated treatment of western and traditional Chinese medicine, which has proven effective in boosting recovery rates, will be further applied in rehabilitation sessions. "We have organized experts on drawing up the guideline of integrated treatment on the coronavirus-cased pneumonia, including a professional version for medical workers and a public version for self-rehabilitation," he said. The local health authorities will also step up mental health care efforts, he said, adding psychological crisis intervention will be implemented both for patients and family members. The province will also promote online medical consultation services in an effort to aid the rehabilitation of patients, he said.
WS5e6b5937a31012821727f01d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b5937a31012821727f01d.html	2020-03-13	Coronavirus outbreak drags China's FDI down 8.6% in Jan-Feb	A bank staff member counts RMB and US dollar notes in Nantong, Jiangsu province, on Aug 28, 2019. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] BEIJING - Foreign direct investment (FDI) into the Chinese mainland fell 8.6 percent year-on-year in the first two months of 2020 amid the combined impacts of the novel coronavirus outbreak and extended Lunar New Year holidays, a commerce official said Friday. The FDI totaled 134.4 billion yuan ($19.2 billion) for January and February, said Zong Changqing, director of foreign investment department under the Ministry of Commerce. A breakdown of the data showed FDI inflows climbed 4 percent year-on-year in January but plunged 25.6 percent in February, Zong told a press conference.
WS5e6b3c8ca31012821727ef7f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b3c8ca31012821727ef7f.html	2020-03-13	Japan approves emergency powers for PM to tackle coronavirus outbreak	  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gives a policy speech at the start of the regular session of parliament in Tokyo, Japan, January 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Japan's parliament on Friday approved a bill giving Prime Minister Shinzo Abe emergency powers that will let him close schools, halt large gatherings and requisition medical supplies as Japan tries to slow the coronavirus outbreak. The bill, which amends a 2012 law drawn up after a flu epidemic in 2009, was approved by upper house lawmakers after the lower house passed the legislation on Thursday. Abe would have to declare a state of emergency in order to use the new powers. Abe has requested schools to close and organisers of events to cancel large gatherings but so far has not had the power to make them comply. Japan has almost 1,400 coronavirus cases including about 697 from a cruise ship, according to public broadcaster NHK. Twenty-six people have died, including seven from the cruise liner. Reuters
WS5e6b3c4aa31012821727ef6e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b3c4aa31012821727ef6e.html	2020-03-13	MLS suspends 2020 season for 30 days due to coronavirus	  Toronto FC forward Mista tries to knock down a pass in front of the Real Salt Lake goal during the second half of their MLS soccer match in Toronto, August 28, 2010. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON -- Major League Soccer (MLS) has suspended all games, effective immediately, for 30 days, the league announced Thursday as it continues to assess the impact of the coronavirus. "Our clubs were united today in the decision to temporarily suspend our season -- based on the advice and guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC), and other public health authorities, and in the best interest of our fans, players, officials and employees," said MLS Commissioner Don Garber. "We'd like to thank our fans for their continued support during this challenging time." The MLS announcement comes in the wake of the NBA suspending its season on Wednesday night. Prior to the suspension of the MLS season, two MLS matches scheduled for March 21 had already been postponed in Seattle and San Jose as measures to contain the coronavirus. Meanwhile, US Soccer announced that all men's and women's national team games due to be played in March and April have been canceled.
WS5e6b3b10a31012821727ef5e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b3b10a31012821727ef5e.html	2020-03-13	Kenya confirms its first new coronavirus case	Kenyan nurses wear protective gear during a demonstration of preparations for any potential coronavirus cases at the Mbagathi Hospital, isolation centre for the disease, in Nairobi, Kenya March 6, 2020.[Photo/Agencies] Mutahi Kagwe, Kenya's cabinet secretary in the Ministry of Health, confirmed on Friday the first positive case of the novel coronavirus in the East African country. According to Kagwe, the positive case is from a woman who came from the US and traveled through London into Nairobi. He urged Kenyans not to panic and to remain vigilant so as to control the spread of the virus. "I want to inform you that the Ministry of Health has confirmed the first coronavirus case in Kenya. The case was confirmed on March 12 and the patient is a Kenyan citizen who traveled back to Nairobi on March 5 from the USA via London," Kagwe said. "She was confirmed positive by the National Influenza Center. However, I would like to assure you that the patient is stable but she will remain in isolation until she is confirmed negative." Kagwe said that the patient had traveled from Ohio through Chicago in the US before making a stopover in London for a connecting flight to Nairobi. "We have identified the people she traveled with and those she had contact with. Our team has been sent out to trace them and have them checked," Kagwe said. The ministry has consequently banned all public gatherings in the country and urged everyone to observe the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health. Kagwe also added that schools will remain open but interschool activities have been suspended. Prison visits have also been suspended for the next 30 days. "As I urge everyone to observe the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health, I want to disabuse the misconception that the virus does not affect people of African descent. The lady in question is a 27-year-old African," Kagwe said. While appearing before both the Senate and the National Assembly health committees on March 12, Kagwe said his ministry is ready to deal with coronavirus infections that may arise and a 300-bed ward has been set aside at the Kenyatta University Research and Referral Hospital for isolation purposes. He also added that they have set up an 11-bed isolation unit at the Kenyatta National Hospital and a 120-bed ward at the Mbagathi Hospital in Nairobi. The latest case brings the number of African countries that have confirmed the virus to 14.
WS5e6b3621a31012821727ef36	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b3621a31012821727ef36.html	2020-03-13	China unveils measures to boost consumption, curb coronavirus impact	Customers check out cosmetics at a duty-free shop in Sanya, Hainan province. [Photo/China News Service] China on Friday announced targeted measures to boost consumption, including improving the consumer market supply and speeding up the construction of the smart consumption ecosystem, in a move to foster steady growth in the economy amid the novel coronavirus outbreak. The country outlined 19 measures to help promote higher quality and an expansion of capacity in the consumption sector and foster a robust domestic market, according to a document jointly released by the National Development and Reform Commission and other 22 departments. According to the NDRC, the new move is part of the country's larger drive to fight the coronavirus outbreak and inject impetus to economic growth, and it is necessary to cultivate new types of consumption and foster consumption upgrading. New measures include encouraging areas that have restricted car purchases to increase the number of car plates as appropriate, accelerating the construction of 5G networks and commercial use, prompting the growth of both online and offline consumption, actively expanding imports, further increasing the supply of high-quality goods in the domestic market, and setting up a group of duty-free shops. The NDRC noted consumption remained the main driver of growth and has played an increasingly important role in boosting economic growth, contributing nearly 60 percent of China's economic growth in 2019. In the next step, the NDRC will work with relevant departments to promote the implementation of the guidelines. More efforts are also needed to establish a credit system in the consumption sector, improve the post-consumption rating system and create a better consumption environment.
WS5e6b30a3a31012821727ef27	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6b30a3a31012821727ef27.html	2020-03-13	Australia's home affairs minister tests positive for coronavirus	Australia's home affairs minister Peter Dutton said he tested positive for coronavirus on Friday. "This morning I woke up with a temperature and sore throat. I immediately contacted the Queensland Department of Health and was subsequently tested for COVID-19. I was advised by Queensland Health this afternoon that the test had returned positive," he said in a statement issued by his office. "I feel fine and will provide an update in due course." Australia has recorded 156 infections and three deaths from the flu-like disease but authorities expect this to increase rapidly in the coming weeks with the arrival of the southern hemisphere winter. Reuters  
WS5e6afc75a31012821727ee0a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6afc75a31012821727ee0a.html	2020-03-13	France's Macron says nationalism is no response to coronavirus pandemic	  French President Emmanuel Macron speaks as the Eiffel Tower is seen in the background during a ceremony to honour victims of terror attacks in Europe, on the 16th anniversary of Madrid attacks, at the Trocadero in Paris, France, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS - French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned against the "nationalist withdrawal" as a pitfall to avoid at international level in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic. "Two pitfalls must be avoided, one is the nationalist withdrawal because this virus has no passport," said Macron at a televised address to the nation. The other pitfall is the individualistic withdrawal. "We may have to take border control measures but we have to take them when they are relevant," said the French president, referring to US President Donald Trump's decision to suspend all travel from European countries except Britain for 30 days as a new measure to contain spread of COVID-19. "Internationally, I appeal to the responsibility of the G7 and G20," said Macron. "As of tomorrow I will speak with President Trump to offer him an exceptional initiative." "It is not the division that makes it possible to respond to what is today a global crisis, but rather our ability to act together," he added. The French president also called on Europeans to act strongly and quickly to stop the spread of a financial and economic crisis. "Together, European governments must take decisions on supporting activity, and relaunching it, whatever it costs," he said. On the national scale, the French head of state pledged "everything will be done" to protect the companies of all sizes and all the workers. "An exceptional and massive mechanism of technical unemployment will be implemented," following which the state would take over paying salaries of people forced to stop work, said Macron. Also, firms would not have to pay taxes that fall due in March. Warning that the coronavirus is the worst health crisis that France has faced in a century, Macron admitted that "despite the efforts to slow it down, the virus continues to spread and is accelerating." He announced that all educational establishments will be closed starting from Monday and until further notice. Recalling the priority of protecting the most vulnerable, he urged everyone over 70 of age and those suffering from chronic disease to stay at home as much as possible. Meanwhile, public transport will stay open and two-round municipal election is maintained as scheduled for March 15 and 22, said Macron. On Thursday, France confirmed 2,876 cases of coronavirus and 61 deaths, and 129 were hospitalized in intensive care.
WS5e6aedb4a31012821727ed5b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6aedb4a31012821727ed5b.html	2020-03-13	Portugal announces tighter measures to limit spread of coronavirus	  A woman wearing a protective face mask, due to the coronavirus outbreak, walks in downtown Lisbon, Portugal, March 12, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LISBON - Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa announced on Thursday a package of new measures including the closure of all schools from March 16 to April 9, in a bid to stop the spread of the coronavirus in the country. The measures came after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the novel coronavirus as a world pandemic on Wednesday and Portugal reported 19 new cases of confirmed COVID-19 on Thursday, bringing the total confirmed cases to 78. "We declare the closure of all classroom activities until the Easter holiday period, subject to reassessment on April 9," Costa said in a televised speech, indicating that as of next Monday, more than 1.6 million students, from pre-school to university, are unable to attend classes. "We have to avoid social contact as much as possible. Schools are a contact place that favors contamination," said the prime minister. He urged the Portuguese to observe the instructions from the health authorities. "I appeal to everyone to limit travelling and social connections," he said. "This is a moment when we must feel what it is like to live in community. We have a duty to protect each other. This outbreak is a fight for our survival," Costa said. "This pandemic in Portugal has not yet reached its peak, and it is still evolving. We will likely have more patients, and this outbreak may be more lasting than initially estimated. We must be prepared for the worst," he added. However, Portugal has not yet announced to upgrade the level to mitigation, which means infections within the community. Meanwhile, access to public places such as restaurants, nightclubs and shopping centers, is restricted. "We determine the closing of the nightclubs, reducing the maximum limitation of restaurants to one third. Limit the frequency of shopping centers avoiding excess people within the same space," Costa said. Foreign passengers from cruise ships arriving in Portugal will not be allowed to enter the country, he said. In the health area, where more than 100 doctors have been quarantined in the country, the prime minister promised that more human resources, protective equipment and the SNS24 telephone line are reinforced. "These special measures also aim to support health and safety professionals to perform their duties," he said. Earlier in the day, the Portuguese Football Association (FPF) and the Portuguese Professional Football League (LPFP) cancelled all sports activities indefinitely including the first and second league matches.
WS5e6a62a2a31012821727ea61	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6a62a2a31012821727ea61.html	2020-03-13	Canada's PM to be in isolation after wife tests positive for coronavirus	  Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his wife Sophie attend a ceremony at the National War Memorial on Remembrance Day in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, in this November 11, 2019 file photo. [Photo/Agencies] OTTAWA - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will be in isolation for two weeks after his wife, Sophie, tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, and the outbreak prompted the province of Ontario to shutter schools to limit the spread. Sophie Gregoire Trudeau recently returned from London and experienced flu-like symptoms, so she was tested for the coronavirus, the prime minister's office said earlier on Thursday. The test came back positive, it said in the evening. "The Prime Minister is in good health with no symptoms. As a precautionary measure and following the advice of doctors, he will be in isolation for a planned period of 14 days," an official statement said. Sophie will be in quarantine for 14 days. "The Prime Minister will continue to fully assume his duties and will address Canadians tomorrow." In a personal note, Sophie said she was "experiencing uncomfortable symptoms of the virus," adding that she "will be back on my feet soon". Canada reported 145 new cases of the virus, a three-fold gain from a week ago. There has been one death. Seven of Canada's 10 provinces have recorded infections. Ontario, the most populous province, reported 17 new cases overnight, a 40% jump. To contain the virus, authorities ordered all schools to close from Saturday to April 5. Globally, more than 127,000 people have been infected by the sometimes deadly respiratory illness COVID-19. In a blow to hockey-obsessed Canadians, the National Hockey League suspended its season because of the outbreak, although it said its goal was to resume play "as soon as it is appropriate and prudent," so teams can compete for the Stanley Cup championship. With the Canadian dollar at a four-year low against its U.S. counterpart and stocks plunging, the Bank of Canada announced measures to inject liquidity into the market. Working from home on Thursday, Trudeau spoke with U.S. President Donald Trump, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte and joined a special cabinet meeting on the coronavirus by phone, his spokesman said on Twitter. The Pacific province of British Columbia, north of Washington state, advised against all non-essential foreign travel, including to the United States. Washington is one of the worst-affected states. Any warning that involves the United States is politically sensitive, given the two countries' 5,525-mile (8,890-km) shared border and Canada's overwhelming reliance on bilateral trade. "This is really important ... the evolving situation both in the United States and globally is a risk for all of us," British Columbia's provincial chief medical officer, Bonnie Henry, told reporters. Alberta's chief medical officer, Deena Hinshaw, banned gatherings of more than 250 people and canceled all international events. Hinshaw also discouraged foreign travel. Quebec, which has recorded 13 cases, has banned all indoor events with more than 250 people and said people returning from any foreign country should self-isolate for 14 days. Health and education public-sector workers who travel abroad will be required to self-isolate. Separately, Canadian authorities canceled the JUNO music awards, Canada's version of the Grammys, and Toronto's annual St. Patrick's Day parade was suspended. Ottawa committed C$1 billion ($723 million) on Wednesday toward bolstering the healthcare system and limiting the impact of the virus, while Ontario said on Thursday it had set aside C$100 million in "contingency funding." On Thursday, Alberta Premier Jason Kenney said the public health crisis alone would cost the country "well north of C$10 billion." Reuters
WS5e6ae7cfa31012821727ed26	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6ae7cfa31012821727ed26.html	2020-03-13	FIBA suspends all competitions amid coronavirus spread	    Turkey's Sertac Sanli in action with Sweden's Tobias Borg in Stockholm, Sweden, Feb 24, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] BERNE -- The International Basketball Federation (FIBA) announced on Thursday that all FIBA competitions are suspended due to the spread of coronavirus. "Considering the current situation with the coronavirus outbreak and in order to protect the health and safety of players, coaches, officials and fans, FIBA today has announced that all FIBA competitions are suspended as of tomorrow, Friday, 13 March 2020," read a FIBA press release. FIBA added that it will continue to monitor the situation on a daily basis and will evaluate the options for the resumption of competition as the situation allows.
WS5e6ae6f1a31012821727ed01	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6ae6f1a31012821727ed01.html	2020-03-13	Gaza free of coronavirus amid tightened preventive measures	  Workers, wearing masks amid coronavirus precautions, bake bread at a bakery in Gaza City, March 8, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] GAZA - The Palestinian coastal enclave of Gaza Strip is so far free of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), thanks to the tightened measures taken to prevent the import of the virus. "We didn't record any case infected with coronavirus all over the Gaza Strip," Majdy Dhair, director of Preventive Medicine Department in the Ministry of Health, told Xinhua. Dhair revealed that he came to the conclusion after 30 suspected cases had been examined over the past few days, all of whom tested negative for the COVID-19. Since the coronavirus started its spread in the Middle East weeks ago, the health authorities in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip took a series of measures to prevent the import of the disease. Two weeks ago, Gaza established a field hospital at the Rafah crossing between Gaza and Egypt, which can deal with at least 30 cases a day, and then its capacity was increased to receive more than 150 patients a day. Doctors were deployed at the Rafah crossing to take the temperature of the passengers. Only the passengers with normal temperature were allowed to pass. "Every citizen has to sign on a paper of pledge before entering the Gaza borders with Egypt," said Dhair, adding that all passengers returning from Egypt were required to stay home for 14 days. He said that all these measures are essential to ensure the safety of the residents in Gaza Strip. Dhair also said that there are 52 rooms prepared at Rafah crossing for those who are suspected of being infected with the virus, adding "doctors will observe and take care of the infected persons if there is any." The Palestinian Authority has declared a state of emergency after dozens of COVID-19 cases were confirmed in the West Bank, mainly in the tourist city of Bethlehem. However, Dhair didn't hide his deep concern over the health situation in the blockaded Gaza Strip, in case the coronavirus spreads in the impoverished enclave. "We will face severe challenges in light of a lack of equipment as well as doctors," he said. Meanwhile, precautionary measures have been taken by private businesses in Gaza. Ahmed Murtaja, head of a hipper supermarket, ordered his workers to sterilize his market every day. "We have to help ourselves and prevent the spreading of the deadly virus," he told Xinhua, adding that Gaza cannot defeat the virus alone, especially in light of the lack of sterilization materials. Bshara Shehada, owner of a bakery in Gaza City downtown, used a nylon barrier to separate his workers and customers. "We should follow the precautionary measures to prevent the spread of coronavirus," the 65-year-old man told Xinhua. Karima Abu Ramadan, a 55-year-old mother of five, said she knows what precautionary steps to take, including washing hands and barring children from leaving home. "We hope the virus will not spread in Gaza, "because it will be a catastrophe," she added. The government in Gaza has started a campaign to sterilize all public places and major parks in the city. Mohammed Alashi, head of the Preventive Health Department in Gaza, told Xinhua that the campaign will go on and all schools and universities buildings would be sterilized.
WS5e6ae496a31012821727ecc9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6ae496a31012821727ecc9.html	2020-03-13	Australian PM calls for coronavirus calm in speech to nation	  Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison speaks during a joint press conference held with New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern at Admiralty House in Sydney, Australia, Feb 28, 2020. [Photo] CANBERRA - Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison has used a landmark address to the nation to call for calm amid the novel coronavirus outbreak. Morrison on Thursday night became the first prime minister to deliver a televised national address since former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd did so during the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) in 2008, according to The Australian. "I want to assure you and your family tonight that while Australia cannot and is not immune from this virus, we are well prepared and are well equipped to deal with it," he said. "And we do have a clear plan to see Australia through." He outlined the plan in three goals: protecting Australians' health, securing Australians' jobs and livelihoods and setting Australia up to bounce back stronger when the crisis is over. The speech came hours after Morrison and Treasurer Josh Frydenberg announced a 17.6 billion Australian dollars ($11.05 billion) stimulus package in an attempt to save jobs. The government has also announced a 2.4 billion Australian dollars ($1.5 billion) medical response to the virus. "The months ahead will present many challenges, and we will respond to them. We will continue to keep you updated and take decisions based on the best possible medical advice," Morrison said on Thursday night. Parts of the economic stimulus package will require legislation that the government intends to introduce when Parliament resumes on March 23. The Opposition Labor Party has signaled support for such legislation, with leader Anthony Albanese on Friday calling for Parliament to be reconvened earlier so it can be rushed through. "Labor will expedite any passage of legislation through both houses of parliament," he told reporters.
WS5e6ae1f8a31012821727ec8c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6ae1f8a31012821727ec8c.html	2020-03-13	Latin American countries ramp up travel bans, school closures over coronavirus	  People cover their faces while leaving Hospital Cosme Argerich, after the first fatality from coronavirus in Latin America was confirmed, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, March 7, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] BUENOS AIRES - Several Latin American countries stepped up measures on Thursday to slow the spread of the coronavirus, halting flights to and from Europe, banning public gatherings and closing schools. Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Costa Rica, Paraguay and Honduras took tougher steps a day after the World Health Organization described the outbreak as a pandemic and the United States restricted some travel from Europe. Honduras, with two coronavirus cases, said it would close schools and cancel public events for two weeks, as well as restrict entry of people coming from Europe, China, Iran and South Korea. "It's great that they banned entry into Honduras from people from countries that already have this disease, but it's a shame they've done it when we're already sick here," said Manuel Solorzano, 23, in Tegucigalpa, the Honduran capital,. Honduras' National Autonomous University suspended classes indefinitely. Argentina said it would stop issuing visas to travelers and suspend flights from countries hardest-hit by the virus, including the United States, China, Japan, South Korea and European countries. On Thursday, Argentina reported 31 cases, up from 21 the day before, and one death. Most involved people who had traveled abroad, mostly to Europe, but a few people have been infected locally. Officials in the capital, Buenos Aires, said they would ban public attendance at sporting events and large gatherings, state news agency Telam reported. In Bolivia, interim President Jeanine Anez said officials would suspend flights to and from Europe, close schools until the end of the month and ban gatherings of more than 1,000 people. Several candidates campaigning for the May presidential election canceled rallies. Anez urged candidates to work together in a "head-on battle" against coronavirus. "This virus does not care where we are from, what our ideology is or our background," she said. "We are all at risk if we do not work together." Bolivia has three coronavirus cases, including a 65-year-old woman who was turned away from several hospitals on Wednesday amid concerns over the virus' spreading. In Peru, with 22 cases, President Martin Vizcarra said gatherings of more than 300 people would be banned and extended the suspension of school to universities and colleges. The Andean nation said later in the day it would suspend flights from Europe and Asia. Costa Rica said it would close "at-risk" schools for two weeks and suspend university classes after confirming 23 cases. Officials there said that over 8,000 hotel reservations had been canceled, and they expected tourism revenue to fall by half. In Paraguay, which has confirmed six cases of the virus, the government said it would cancel direct flights to and from Europe beginning Friday through March 26. Authorities had already suspended large-scale gatherings and educational, religious and sporting events. Reuters
WS5e6ae11aa31012821727ec6d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6ae11aa31012821727ec6d.html	2020-03-13	Disney to shut California parks through March over coronavirus	  The logo of the Walt Disney Company is displayed above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the closing bell as the market takes a significant dip in New York, US, February 25, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LOS ANGELES - Walt Disney Co will close its Disneyland and California Adventure theme parks in Southern California from Saturday through the end of the month due to the global outbreak of coronavirus, the company said on Thursday. No cases of COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, have been reported at the parks in Anaheim, California, a company representative said in a statement. The announcement coincided with statewide restrictions on public gatherings ordered by California Governor Gavin Newsom. Comcast Corp's Universal Studios theme park in near Los Angeles also will close on Saturday with plans to reopen on March 28, the company said. Disney has announced no plans to shut its parks in Paris and Orlando, Florida. Earlier on Thursday, Newsom ordered a statewide ban on most non-essential gatherings of more than 250 people, including sporting events, business conferences and concerts, but his directive exempted casinos and theaters, as well as theme and amusement parks. Disney said it decided to voluntarily close both of its Southern California parks "in the best interest of our guests and employees" after reviewing Newsom's directive. As of Thursday, 198 coronavirus cases have been documented in California, including four deaths, Newsom said. California is one of a handful of states, along with New York, that have adopted such drastic "social distancing" measures, designed to limit transmission of the highly contagious respiratory virus by curtailing close contacts among people. Ohio and Maryland have ordered statewide closures of public schools. Disney-run hotels in Anaheim will remain open through Monday to give guests time to make travel arrangements, the company said. Disney will pay its employees during the shutdown and refund payments for hotel bookings, it added. Located about 30 miles (48 km) south of Los Angeles, the two Disney parks drew 28.6 million visitors in 2018, according to the Themed Entertainment Association. Disneyland, which opened in 1955, is nicknamed the "Happiest Place on Earth." The adjacent California Adventure was added in 2001. After Disney's announcement, S&P revised Disney's credit outlook to negative from stable, citing event cancellations and travel restrictions due to coronavirus. "The negative outlook on Disney reflects the increased uncertainty around the extent of the impact of the coronavirus crisis on the global economy," S&P said. It is unusual for Disney to close its theme parks. Brief shutdowns have occurred due to hurricanes or following the Sept. Earlier this year, Disney shuttered its parks in Shanghai, Hong Kong and Tokyo to protect against coronavirus spread. The company estimated in February that the shutdowns of Shanghai Disney Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland alone would cost $175 million if both remained closed for two months. Reuters
WS5e6ae06fa31012821727ec4a	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6ae06fa31012821727ec4a.html	2020-03-13	South Korea reports 110 new coronavirus cases, total 7,979	Medical staff in protective gear work at a 'drive-thru' testing center for the novel coronavirus disease of COVID-19 in Yeungnam University Medical Center in Daegu, South Korea, March 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea reported 110 new coronavirus cases on Friday, taking the country's total infections to 7,979, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) said. The latest numbers are in line with a downward trend in new cases, slightly down from the 114 recorded on Thursday. Reuters
WS5e6adf06a31012821727ec17	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6adf06a31012821727ec17.html	2020-03-13	Designated coronavirus hospitals in Wuhan to return to normal operation by the end of March	Medical workers cheer themselves up at Wuhan No 7 Hospital, a designated facility for treating patients infected with the novel coronavirus, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 25, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] WUHAN - Hospitals designated for novel coronavirus patients in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, will all return to normal operation by the end of March, as the number of patients continues to drop, local authorities announced at a press conference Thursday. Those hospitals will be thoroughly disinfected after their missions of treating COVID-19 patients are completed, and will start taking regular patients gradually, according to Bai Xiangjun, an official with the epidemic prevention and control headquarters of the city. All of its 16 public facility-turned temporary hospitals closed earlier this month. "More than two-thirds of the COVID-19 patients in Wuhan have been cured and discharged from hospital so far," said Hu Shuguang, deputy head of the epidemic prevention and control headquarters. The city is able to conduct up to 20,000 nucleic acid tests every day, with results known in only four to five hours, which has won precious time for epidemic prevention and treatment, said Hu. Although the situation is looking optimistic right now, there are still 4,000 patients in serious or critical conditions in the city. The epidemic control works are still the most important task at the moment, Hu added.
WS5e6adc87a31012821727ebcc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6adc87a31012821727ebcc.html	2020-03-13	Belgium to close schools, cafes, restaurants to contain coronavirus spread	  A woman wearing a protective face mask, due to a coronavirus outbreak, is seen at Zaventem international airport near Brussels, Belgium, March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] BRUSSELS - Belgium announced on Thursday to close schools, discos, cafes and restaurants until April 3, in an intensified effort to contain the spread of the coronavirus. All recreational, sports, cultural or folklore activities -- whether public or private and regardless of size -- will be cancelled, Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Wilmes announced, following a meeting of the National Security Council (NSC). The goal of these measures is to slow down the spread of the virus and allow health care services to absorb the demand for care, the prime minister said. These measures will take effect from this weekend until April 3, Wilmes said. However, childcare will be provided for parents who work in the fields of health care, public safety, and for children who cannot be cared for by anyone other than their grandparents. Nurseries will remain open. Pharmacies and food shops will remain open all week, which will not be the case for other so-called "non-essential" businesses. They will only be open during the week, but closed at weekends. Public transport will continue to operate, but the government is encouraging companies to allow teleworking for their employees. Eighty-five new COVID-19 cases have been detected and confirmed in Belgium on Thursday, bringing the total number of people infected to 399, the Federal Public Health Service (FPS Health) announced on Thursday.
WS5e6adaa0a31012821727eb84	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6adaa0a31012821727eb84.html	2020-03-13	UEFA to consider postponing Euro 2020 over coronavirus	UEFA Euro 2020 mascot Skillzy poses for a photo with the official match ball at Olympiapark in Munich, Germany, March 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MANCHESTER, England - UEFA will consider the option of postponing Euro 2020 during a video conference with its 55 federations, a source close to European soccer's governing body said on Thursday as the sport faced up to the growing impact of the coronavirus. The 24-team Euro 2020 tournament, scheduled to be held in 12 countries from June 12 to July 12, could be pushed back a year or be re-organised with different venues, the source said. UEFA will hold a video conference meeting next Tuesday and as well as the federations, representatives of clubs, leagues and players will discuss the impact of the coronavirus on all European fixtures, including Euro 2020. The European Championship is the biggest national team tournament after the World Cup and a major source of revenue for UEFA and its member organisations. UEFA has declined to discuss the options saying on Thursday that the "discussions will include all domestic and European competitions, including UEFA EURO 2020". "Further communication will be made following those meetings," it said. The source added that as well as postponement other options that will be considered include switching venues and a possible change to the format of the tournament. Reuters  
WS5e6acdeda31012821727eb0c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6acdeda31012821727eb0c.html	2020-03-13	Tennis, soccer and US sports hit as coronavirus shreds calendar	Utah Jazz fans react after an announcement that the game against the Oklahoma City Thunder was postponed before tip off at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, US, Mar 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LONDON/NEW YORK — The coronavirus pandemic shredded the global sporting calendar on Thursday, with men's tennis shut down for six weeks, top European soccer leagues placed on hold, NHL suspended and Major League Baseball's opening day postponed. Speculation over whether the world's premier sporting events could go forward under the spectre of coronavirus culminated in a series of unprecedented postponements and cancellations across the globe, as the sporting world faced an uncertain future. Major League Baseball said it would delay its season's opening day by at least two weeks, while motor racing's blue-riband Formula One season has also been stalled with the opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne called off, according to multiple media reports. The first round of golf's Players Championship at Sawgrass continued, however, although the PGA announced a ban on spectators at all its events through April 5. Many fans were already in place midway through the opening day's play at golf's unofficial fifth major but they will not be able to watch the second round on Friday. A man wearing a protective face mask, following an outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), walks in front of Ariake Tennis Park, a venue for the upcoming Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games, in Tokyo, Japan, March 12, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Thousands of miles away in ancient Olympia, the Olympic flame was lit at the start of the torch relay although, with the coronavirus crisis affecting all sports, the road to the Tokyo Olympics appears, at present, a distant one. The men's tennis ATP Tour announced that no tournaments would take place until after April 20 at the earliest, wiping out the prestigious Miami and Monte Carlo Opens as well as events in Houston, Marrakech and Barcelona. "This is not a decision that was taken lightly and it represents a great loss for our tournaments, players, and fans worldwide," ATP chairman Andrea Gaudenzi said, adding that they had had to take "responsible action". Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta. [Photo/Agencies] Earlier this week the prestigious Indian Wells tournament was cancelled and the International Tennis Federation (ITF) has suspended all its events until April 20, including the inaugural revamped Fed Cup Finals scheduled for Budapest. The women's WTA Tour, reacting to the Miami Open cancellation, said the Volvo Car Open in Charleston would not be held and that it would make a decision this week on the European claycourt season. General view outside the Fiserv Forum as todays game between the Boston Celtics and Milwaukee Bucks was cancelled due to the COVID-19 virus, Mar 12, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] US SPORTS The National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended the season until further notice on Wednesday after a Utah Jazz player tested positive for the coronavirus. "The NBA will use this hiatus to determine next steps for moving forward in regard to the coronavirus pandemic," a statement said. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman announced it had temporarily suspended its season in a statement issued after a conference call with the board of governors. Major League Baseball suspended Spring Training and said it would place opening day on hold, while Major League Soccer announced a 30-day suspension for its current season. The NCAA's "March Madness" basketball tournament, one of the most popular annual sporting events in America, was also cancelled. In soccer, domestic leagues, the Champions League and the pan-continental 2020 European Championship were all in limbo. France, Spain and the Netherlands became the latest nations to suspend all matches. Gremio fan wearing a face mask before the match in Brazil as the number of coronavirus cases grow around the world, March 12, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Spanish giants Real Madrid put their squad into quarantine after a member of the club's basketball team tested positive on Thursday and their Champions League last-16 clash at Manchester City next week has been postponed. "Given the circumstances that are coming to light this morning, referring to the quarantine established in Real Madrid and the possible cases in players from other clubs, La Liga considers it appropriate to continue to the next phase of the protocol of action against COVID-19," Spain's La Liga said. Juventus's Champions League tie against Olympique Lyonnais Lyon next week has also fallen by the wayside.   File Photo of Daniele Rugani. [Photo/Agencies] POSITIVE TESTS Italy's Serie A has already stopped until at least April 3 with the country in lockdown after more than 15,000 infections and over 1,000 deaths. Two Serie A players, Sampdoria's Manolo Gabbiadini and Daniele Rugani of Juve, have tested positive. General view outside the Emirates Stadium in London. [File photo/Agencies] England's Premier League appears set to continue, however, with Britain's government saying it would "not necessarily" reduce large scale gatherings despite the response to the crisis being moved up from the "contain" to the "delay" phase. Three Leicester City players were self-isolating after showing symptoms of coronavirus. European soccer's governing body UEFA will hold an emergency meeting with 55 football federations on Tuesday to discuss the effect of the crisis on domestic leagues, European competitions and Euro 2020 which is due to start in June. Two of Thursday's Europa League matches were postponed but some games were played and Manchester United crushed LASK Linz 5-0 behind closed doors in Austria. Rugby's PRO14 season and Euroleague, Europe's elite club basketball competition, have been suspended, while in India the government has ordered international cricket matches to be played in empty stadiums. Reuters
WS5e6acab3a31012821727eb04	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6acab3a31012821727eb04.html	2020-03-13	Coronavirus cases outside China top 44,000: WHO	A staff member disinfects the railway carriage at Milan Porta Garibaldi train station, in Milan, Italy, on Feb 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] GENEVA -- A total of 44,067 confirmed cases of COVID-19 were reported by 117 countries and regions outside China as of 10:00 CET Thursday, an increase of 6,703 infections compared to the previous day, according to the daily situation report released by the World Health Organization (WHO). The number of confirmed cases worldwide has risen by 6,729 to 125,048. Outside China, 310 more people died of COVID-19, bringing the total deaths to 1,440. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus on Thursday reiterated that countries should not give up on stopping the outbreak now that WHO has characterized it as a pandemic. He warned a shift from containment to mitigation of the disease would be wrong and dangerous, emphasizing COVID-19 is "a controllable pandemic." French Polynesia, Turkey, Honduras and Cote d'Ivoire have reported cases of COVID-19 for the first time in the past 24 hours as of Thursday morning, the report showed. Besides, WHO has revised the transmission classification of Brunei, Luxembourg, Qatar, Kuwait, Morocco and Panama from "imported cases only" to "local transmission", while Pakistan was reclassified from "local transmission" to "imported cases only". The report showed 71 countries and regions outside China have seen local transmission of COVID-19.
WS5e6ac39aa310a2fabb7a2dee	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6ac39aa310a2fabb7a2dee.html	2020-03-13	'Silent soldiers' on a monumental mission to fight novel coronavirus	When the novel coronavirus began unleashing its wrath on the Chinese mainland some two months ago, Zhang Tao, founder of Shenzhen-based Pudu Technology, immediately decided to send dozens of its food-delivery robots to hospitals in the Hubei provincial capital, Wuhan - the epicenter of the outbreak - and other cities to join in the war on the pathogen. To Zhang, the outbreak has proved the value and underlying demand of what he has been focusing on - food-delivery robots, or broadly, service robots. "In the beginning, many people didn't understand why I ventured into such a segment, but this special incident explained its value and need," said Zhang, a graduate of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Service robots came into the spotlight after the outbreak, which has claimed more than 4,600 lives and sickened over 124,500 worldwide, performing their role as "silent soldiers" fighting side by side with medical professionals. With the advantage of enabling non-contact services, which are essential for avoiding human-to-human transmission, they're being widely used in hospitals, checkpoints and communities, serving various functions ranging from guidance, disinfection, delivery, and checking and monitoring body temperatures. The robot Pudu Technology provides can send food, medicine and daily necessities to patients' rooms. When it receives a command, the machine plans the optimal route based on its positioning algorithm, and is capable of avoiding obstacles along the way. So far, more than 130 robots from the company have been deployed in more than 60 mainland hospitals as well as Hong Kong's Queen Elizabeth Hospital. Other industry players are also playing their part. UBTech, another service robot-maker in Shenzhen, is contributing to the fight against the outbreak by offering robots that can check people's identities and body temperatures. An artificial intelligence robot plays a vital role in combating the coronavirus as it replaces the work of people at the front line, and thus reduces the risk of contagion, said UBTech Co-founder Zhou Jian. He believes the robot will take on a bigger role in emergencies, public security and other fields in future. According to the latest report by the Chinese Institute of Electronics, the global market for service robots reached $9.46 billion last year. The size of the Chinese market for the sector, meanwhile, hit $2.2 billion, accounting for about 23 percent of the world's total. However, the commercial application of such robots has been limited. According to market research firm Zhiyan Consulting, the penetration rate of commercial service robots on the mainland stood at roughly 3 percent last year, indicating there's still plenty of room for growth. "The outbreak is a big boost for the service-robots sector. Previous perception of service robots was that it wasn't practical to use them in everyday life. But now, they've become an indispensable part," said Xiao Fei, an industrial analyst with research firm Analysys. The sector is expected to see significant growth in the near future with the government unveiling policies to support its development, and capital pouring in to fuel its growth, Xiao said. On the consumer side, the coronavirus outbreak has helped to cultivate the market, she added. However, industry players still need time to upgrade their technologies so that service robots can deal with emergencies and complex scenarios effectively, Xiao said. sally@chinadailyhk.com From left: An artificial intelligence robot delivers food with a medical worker at a hospital in Guiyang, Guizhou province. provided to china daily A woman picks up her delivery from an self-driving robot in Wuhan, Hubei province. Zhu Xingxin / China Daily  
WS5e6a6915a31012821727ea66	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6a6915a31012821727ea66.html	2020-03-13	Trump met Brazilian official with coronavirus, but says 'not concerned'	US President Donald Trump participates in a listening session on youth vaping and the electronic cigarette epidemic inside the Cabinet Room at the White House in Washington, November 22, 2019. [Photo\Agencies] WASHINGTON/BRASILIA - US President Donald Trump on Thursday said he was not concerned about the possibility of being exposed to the coronavirus after dining last week with a Brazilian government official who has since tested positive for the disease. The day after announcing curbs on travel to the United States by European Union residents, Trump brushed off concerns about his possible exposure to the virus, which has sickened more than 126,000 people worldwide. "Let's put it this way: I'm not concerned," Trump told reporters while meeting with Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar in the Oval Office. Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, who had been at the dinner with Trump in Palm Beach, Florida, has been tested for coronavirus and is awaiting the result, his son Eduardo wrote on Twitter, adding that the president was not showing any symptoms. Brazilian officials on Thursday confirmed that Brazil's communications secretary, Fabio Wajngarten, has the coronavirus and is now under quarantine at home. The entire Brazilian delegation that traveled to Florida with Bolsonaro is being tested for the virus, a senior member of the president's staff told Reuters. White House spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham said Trump and Vice President Mike Pence had "almost no interactions" with the Brazilian official and that they "do not require being tested at this time." She said the White House medical unit and the US Secret Service are ensuring that "every precaution is taken" to ensure the good health of Trump and Pence, their families and staff. “We are monitoring the situation closely and will update everyone as we get more information," she said. Bolsonaro and Wajngarten also visited the US military's Southern Command headquarters near Miami on Sunday. Southern Command said in a statement it had no reports of suspected or confirmed coronavirus infections among its personnel. The coronavirus outbreak and fallout is shaping up to be perhaps the greatest crisis of Trump's presidency. Former Vice President Joe Biden, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination to challenge Trump's bid for re-election in November, criticized the administration's handling of the coronavirus outbreak on Thursday afternoon. Wajngarten had been on an official visit to the United States with Bolsonaro and posted a photo on Instagram of the meeting at Trump's Mar-a-Lago club last Saturday, showing him standing next to Trump. Pence was next to Trump. Brazilian newspaper O Estado de S. Paulo reported that Bolsonaro's test results were due on Friday. It added that other Cabinet ministers on the trip will also be tested. Two Republican US senators who attended the visit by the Brazilian delegation said they would quarantine themselves. Senator Rick Scott of Florida, a Republican, on Thursday said he had met with a member of Bolsonaro's staff. "While I do not believe I interacted with the infected person, that individual was in the same room as me," Scott said in a statement. "The health and safety of the American people is my focus and I have made the decision to self-quarantine." US Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, a close Trump ally, did not recollect direct contact with Bolsonaro while at Mar-a-Lago but would quarantine himself out of "an abundance of caution" and on his doctor's advice, his office said in a statement. Bolsonaro's son Eduardo, a federal congressman who also attended the meeting at Mar-a-Lago, wrote on Twitter that he was on his way to get tested. Four days ago, he posted a photo of himself standing behind the US president, next to Trump's daughter, Ivanka, and close to his son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Brazil's foreign minister, defense minister and Brazil's chief national security advisor were also in the image, along with the Brazilian president. Reuters
WS5e6abc6ca31012821727eabd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6abc6ca31012821727eabd.html	2020-03-13	Arsenal manager Arteta tests positive for coronavirus	Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta  LONDON — Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has tested positive for the coronavirus, the Premier League club said on Thursday, with the first-team squad set to self-isolate as a result. The club's Hale End training centre has been temporarily closed. "Arsenal personnel who had recent close contact with Mikel will now self-isolate in line with Government health guidelines. We expect this to be a significant number of people from Colney, including the full first-team squad and coaching staff," Arsenal said in a statement.  Reuters  
WS5e6a9e69a31012821727ea96	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6a9e69a31012821727ea96.html	2020-03-13	New York City declares state of emergency to fight coronavirus spread	People wait to enter Macy's Herald Square ahead of early opening for the Black Friday sales in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., November 28, 2019. [Photo\Agencies] NEW YORK - New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio declared a state of emergency to fight the coronavirus outbreak on Thursday, allowing him to use new powers as the number of confirmed cases rose to 95 cases in the city. "The last 24 hours have been very, very sobering," he told at a news conference. "Literally yesterday morning feels like a long time ago." He did not immediately issue new rules, but said he supported an announcement by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo earlier on Thursday that banned gatherings of more than 500 people in the state.  Reuters  
WS5e6a97b1a31012821727ea92	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6a97b1a31012821727ea92.html	2020-03-13	Dow closes down over 2,300 points amid coronavirus fears	Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) after the close of trading New York, March 12, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] NEW YORK - US stocks closed sharply lower on Thursday with the Dow plunging more than 2,300 points, booking its worst day since 1987, amid coronavirus fears.
WS5e6a94e5a31012821727ea8d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6a94e5a31012821727ea8d.html	2020-03-13	Italy registers 12,839 coronavirus infections, 1,016 fatalities	A pedestrian wearing a face mask walks on a street in Rome, Italy, March 10, 2020. Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte announced late Monday that the whole of Italy will be placed under lockdown from Tuesday until April 3. [Photo/Xinhua] ROME -- The number of people who tested positive for the new coronavirus in Italy reached 12,839 on Thursday, Italian authorities said. The figure marked an increase by 2,249 cases compared to the previous day, and did not include recoveries or fatalities. Recoveries grew as well on the daily basis to 1,258 cases from 1,045. "Of the 12,839 people who tested positive, 5,036 are under home quarantine, 6,650 people are in hospitals, and 1,153 are in intensive care," Civil Protection Department chief Angelo Borrelli told a televised press conference. "The number of patients in intensive care still represents about 10 percent of all positive cases registered since the beginning of the outbreak." The official added the death toll rose to 1,016 cases. "Some 98 percent of the people who died since the emergency began were over 68, and 67 percent of them had underline pathologies," Borrelli also explained. Considering all data (including deaths and recoveries), the total number of assessed coronavirus cases -- since the epidemic appeared on Feb. 21 -- was 15,113 in Italy, which recorded the most cases outside China. The distribution of cases remained similar to the previous days, with Lombardy (6,896), Emilia Romagna (1,758), Veneto (1,297), Piedmont (554), and Marche (570) showing the highest numbers. Lower numbers were registered in all of the other Italian regions.
WS5e6a84eea31012821727ea72	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/13/WS5e6a84eea31012821727ea72.html	2020-03-13	New York bans gatherings of more than 500 on coronavirus fears	FILE PHOTO: Revelers celebrate the New Year's Eve in Times Square in Manhattan, New York, U.S., December 31, 2017. [Photo\Agencies] NEW YORK - New York State will ban gatherings of more than 500 people beginning on Friday at 5 pm (2100 GMT) in order to slow the spread of the new coronavirus, Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Thursday. Establishments that can fit 500 people or fewer must halve their capacity beginning on Friday, Cuomo said. Broadway theaters in Manhattan will have to start observing the new rules on Thursday night, Cuomo told reporters at a news conference in Albany. "This is about science, this is about data," Cuomo said in announcing what he described as extraordinary measures for a state that includes the nation's most populous city. "Let the science, let the data make the decisions." As of Thursday afternoon, there were 328 people in the state confirmed to have contracted the new coronavirus, which causes a sometimes deadly respiratory disease called COVID-19. A minority of those people have been hospitalized, but so far no deaths have been reported in New York. Hospitals, nursing homes, mass transit and certain other facilities will be exempt from the new rule, Cuomo said. In the neighboring state of New Jersey, Governor Phil Murphy recommended the cancellation of all gatherings of more than 250 people. Reuters  
WS5e6a4e70a31012821727ea4a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e6a4e70a31012821727ea4a.html	2020-03-12	US Capitol closed to the public as coronavirus hits Congress	A view of the US Capitol, in Washington DC, US, June 20, 2019. [Photo\Agencies] WASHINGTON - Officials ordered the US Capitol closed to much of the public starting on Thursday, one day after a staffer for a US senator from Washington state tested positive for the coronavirus. Limited access to the Capitol would begin at 5 pm ET (2100 GMT), the House and Senate Sergeant at Arms said in a statement. The Capitol Visitor Center will be closed and all public tours suspended, they said. Lawmakers, staff, credentialed journalists and visitors with official business would still be allowed entry, Capitol officials said. Congress had planned to take a week-long recess from Washington starting on Friday. But it was unclear when the break would start as lawmakers negotiated with the Trump administration over legislation to provide economic relief as the number of US coronavirus cases continued to grow. Democratic US Senator Maria Cantwell said on Wednesday she would shutter her Washington, DC office after one of her staffers tested positive for COVID-19. Several Republican senators on Thursday also closed their Washington, DC offices as a precautionary measure. "Other congressional employees are likely to test positive in the days ahead," Senator Tom Cotton said in a statement, adding he expected disruptions would be minimal given Congress' scheduled week-long recess that is set to start on Friday. Mitt Romney also closed his Washington office. Ted Cruz, who is among several Republican lawmakers who have self-quarantined after coming in contact with someone who later tested positive for the coronavirus, also closed his Washington office, his representatives said in a statement. Local offices in the members' home districts remained open, the Republican senators said.   
WS5e6a3a01a31012821727ea1f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e6a3a01a31012821727ea1f.html	2020-03-12	Spanish cabinet receives coronavirus tests after minister tests positive	Spain's new Minister for equality Irene Montero shakes hands with Spain's King Felipe VI during a ceremony at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid, Spain, January 13, 2020. Emilio Naranjo/Pool via REUTERS MADRID - The entire cabinet of Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez tested for the coronavirus on Thursday after the Minister for Equality Irene Montero tested positive for the virus. The Prime Minister's office confirmed that "following the established protocols, this morning diagnostic tests will be carried out on all of the members of the Executive. The results will be known during the afternoon and communicated officially." The cabinet meeting that scheduled for Thursday to allow the government to approve its "action plan" to combat COVID-19 will only be held in the presence of those ministers essential to approving the measures and all other meetings will be replaced by video-conferences, the government confirmed. Montero is not the first Spanish politician to test positive for the coronavirus. The Deputy Speaker Ana Pastor was also infected with the virus along with several members of the right wing party Vox. One worrying factor, however, is that Montero was present at the head of the International Women's Day march which was allowed to go ahead in Madrid and attracted thousands of people on March 8 despite fears over the spread of the coronavirus. Shortly before midday on Thursday, 2,294 cases of the virus had been confirmed in Spain along with 56 fatalities.
WS5e6a356da31012821727ea15	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e6a356da31012821727ea15.html	2020-03-12	Controlling imported novel coronavirus cases is new outbreak focus	Zhong Nanshan, a prominent Chinese epidemiologist, speaks at a news conference in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong province, on Thursday. [Photo by Li Wenfang/chinadaily.com.cn] The COVID-19 epidemic, in Central China's Hubei province in particular, has been brought under control, but new cases coming from outside the country are now in the spotlight, said Zhong Nanshan, a prominent Chinese epidemiologist who spoke at a news conference in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong province, on Thursday. The current situation is to deal with imported cases, Zhong said. The number of imported cases in China indicates imported cases have become new infection routes. Since some people showed no symptoms or didn't have a fever when entering China, and with a 14-day quarantine required in some places, it's better for those who need to enter China quickly to take a nucleic acid test, Zhong added. He called on countries to adopt national-level measures in accordance with the World Health Organization and mobilize citizens to cope with the epidemic. The COVID-19 pandemic is expected to be under control in June, Zhong said.
WS5e6a2f32a31012821727ea05	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e6a2f32a31012821727ea05.html	2020-03-12	Cote d'Ivoire confirms first case of coronavirus	Cote d'Ivoire on Wednesday confirmed its first case of the novel coronavirus, becoming the 12th African country affected. According to the country's health ministry, the patient is a 45 year-old Ivorian man who had recently traveled to Italy. While addressing a press conference, Eugene Aouele, Cote d'Ivoire's health minister, said that the patient is in stable condition in a hospital in Abidjan, the country's commercial capital. While calling on everyone to respect preventive measures already in force, Aouele called for calm while urging preparedness for the disease. Back in January, Cote d'Ivoire was the first country in Africa to record a suspected case, which turned out negative. The case in Cote d'Ivoire comes just hours after Eteni Longondo, the Democratic Republic of Congo's minister of health, confirmed on Tuesday that the first positive case of the novel coronavirus had been discovered in the capital, Kinshasa. According to Longondo, the patient is a Congolese citizen who lives in France and returned home on March 8 with no symptoms of the virus. He added that the patient and others who had contact with him have been placed in quarantine. So far, Egypt, Algeria, South Africa, Tunisia, Morocco, Senegal, Nigeria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon and Togo, are the other countries that have confirmed positive cases of the virus in Africa, with Egypt having the highest number of cases, at 67 confirmed. The latest case in Cote d'Ivoire puts the total number of confirmed infections in Africa at 134.
WS5e69fad6a31012821727e981	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69fad6a31012821727e981.html	2020-03-12	China's Jiangxi lowers coronavirus response level	Drones carry out plant protection operation in Jiangxiang town in Nanchang city, East China's Jiangxi province, Feb 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] NANCHANG - East China's Jiangxi province downgraded its emergency response to the novel coronavirus outbreak from level I to level II starting Thursday, local authorities said. On Jan 24, Jiangxi, a neighbor of the epidemic center of Hubei province, activated the highest level of public health emergency response to control the outbreak. As positive signs started emerging in China's battle against the epidemic, the province is meticulously expanding business operations with a differentiated approach that attaches different priorities to regions in light of their health risks. Jiangxi reported a total of 935 confirmed cases of coronavirus infection by the end of Wednesday. Of all, 934 were discharged from hospitals after recovery and one died.
WS5e69f5c0a31012821727e959	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69f5c0a31012821727e959.html	2020-03-12	WTO ministerial meeting canceled over coronavirus fears	  FILE PHOTO: The World Trade Organization (WTO) headquarters are pictured in Geneva, Switzerland, July 26, 2018. [Photo/Agencies] NUR-SULTAN - The 12th World Trade Organization (WTO) ministerial conference has been canceled due to the global spread of COVID-19, the Interfax news agency quoted Kazakh First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov as saying on Thursday. The meeting was scheduled to take place in the capital city of Nur-Sultan on June 8-11. On the same day, Kazakh President Kassym-Jomart Tokayev announced that the country is suspending all public events and taking preventive measures, as the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a "pandemic" on Wednesday. "There will be no interruptions in the supply of food and basic goods. We shall protect small and medium businesses. The most important thing is the health of our people. Together we will overcome all the difficulties," Tokayev tweeted. So far, Kazakhstan has yet to confirm cases of COVID-19.
WS5e69ddb7a31012821727e8c1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69ddb7a31012821727e8c1.html	2020-03-12	Centenarian leaves hospital after recovering from coronavirus	A screenshot of the Sina Weibo account of Chutian Video of Chutian Metropolis Daily shows the 103-year-old women is released on March 11. [Photo/Weibo] A 103-year-old woman was discharged from the hospital in Wuhan on Wednesday to mark the oldest cured novel coronavirus patient in the province that has been the epicenter of the outbreak, according to Chutian Metropolis Daily. The centenarian was admitted to the Liyuan Hospital affiliated to Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology on March 1 when she was in severe condition with other illness including Alzheimer's disease. Zhou Wei, deputy director of the hospital's No 4 infection unit, said they gave traditional Chinese medicine and Western medicine as treatment to the woman and also provided additional care for her other diseases. According to Zhou, he and his colleagues were getting used to reading her condition and needs through her bodily reactions or eye contact as the toothless woman was not able to talk well but could pronounce only one character at a time. Brief notes such as "avoid mistakenly inhaling", "avoid falling out of bed" and "completely incapable of independent living'' could be seen at the woman's bed to remind nurses on different shifts of the special care for her. To everyone's surprise, the centenarian recovered faster than expected and could even remember what some of the medics looked like according to her reactions when they came to see her.
WS5e69adfea31012821727e81a	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69adfea31012821727e81a.html	2020-03-12	US advises citizens to reconsider travel abroad due to coronavirus	A traveler wears a mask while reading in John F Kennedy International Airport in New York, US, amid coronavirus reports, March 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON - The US State Department issued a travel advisory on its website on Wednesday, advising citizens to reconsider travel abroad due to the global impact of the coronavirus outbreak and countries' response to it. "The Department of State advises US citizens to reconsider travel abroad due to the global impact of COVID-19. Many areas throughout the world are now experiencing COVID-19 outbreaks and taking action that may limit traveler mobility, including quarantines and border restrictions," the notice said. Reuters  
WS5e69a92fa31012821727e7f4	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69a92fa31012821727e7f4.html	2020-03-12	Kiev imposes restrictions on schools, public events due to coronavirus	Medical officials with protective gear walk inside a plane while taking the body temperature of passengers, who arrived on a flight from New York City, as a preventive measure against the coronavirus (COVID-19) at the Boryspil International Airport outside Kiev, Ukraine, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] KIEV - Activities in schools and mass events will be limited in Kiev starting Thursday to prevent possible spread of the novel coronavirus, the capital city's mayor said on Wednesday. Kindergartens, schools and universities will be temporarily suspended, and public events in the capital including concerts, conferences, film screenings and other events will be limited and entertainment centers and entertainment areas in shopping malls closed, said Mayor Vitaly Klitschko in a video posted on his official Facebook page. "Although no cases of coronavirus have been registered in Kiev, we decided not to wait and protect the city's residents. We'll introduce preventive measures in Kiev from March 12 until the end of March," the mayor said. Public transport will work as usual and the vehicles are disinfected twice a day, the mayor said, urging residents not to panic and visit the doctor immediately once feeling unwell. Currently, only one coronavirus case has been confirmed in Ukraine, in the town of Chernivtsi. A total of 43 people are suspected of infection and placed under medical observation.
WS5e69a846a31012821727e7ee	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69a846a31012821727e7ee.html	2020-03-12	Global unity needed to beat coronavirus	CHINA DAILY President Xi Jinping personally inspected Wuhan on March 10, announcing the coronavirus crisis has been met head-on and vowed to win the war against coronavirus. The makeshift hospitals used to quarantine and cure coronavirus patients have been officially closed. Healthcare workers were seen removing their masks in celebration of their control over the coronavirus spread. China’s sacrifices and those of Wuhan in particular, have been not only for China, but for the world. Now it looks like China has the formula for defeating this coronavirus. And those that belittled China’s methods may very well be the ones who need to apply them. When coronavirus erupted in China this past January, America underestimated China’s ability to get it under control. As China adopted national and regional quarantine measures, Western media belittled China, even insulting the nation with derogatory headlines. Washington think tank “experts” predicted the worst for China economically, socially and politically. Now China has defeated the coronavirus and is overseeing a gradual resuscitation of its own economy. As coronavirus spreads globally, the world has a lot to learn. Cultural factors played an important role in China’s success in containing coronavirus. China’s Confucian traditions were prevalent, as a systematic coordinated and organized response worked throughout the system of government, from the top leadership to grassroots neighborhood organizations. The collaborative and cohesive response of people to undergo self-quarantine and cooperate with authorities is hard to replicate in other countries, and this has much to due with the Confucian respect for senior decisions and the ability to implement those decisions throughout the social organization and structure. Taoist elements can be observed in the flexibility of people to recognize danger and adapt to change. This ability to recognize the need to change or to flow like water with a situation is another cultural factor unique to China, underlying the successful ability of the government to muster national response. The Buddhist element of viewing all things as part of an integrated matrix of interconnectivity was a factor that influenced the cohesiveness of people to work together for not only their own interest, but to see the interest of others as mutually part of their own. This is where Xi’s concept of a shared destiny of mankind comes in, and was demonstrably embraced by people across the country in the interest of their communities, nation and the world. China’s collective response to the coronavirus is a statement on the resilience of the Chinese people and their ability to come together when facing a crisis or threat in a collective manner. When everything is good and prosperous, people may have their own interests. When everyone is facing a common threat, those concerns are put aside for the common good. That is China’s culture. The culture of each country comes through in its response to the coronavirus. In the case of the United States, the response is quickly becoming politicized. Even at the outset of the coronavirus outbreak in America, gun sales have shot up by an estimated 500 percent. While one political party may dismiss the seriousness of the coronavirus, the other party criticizes their handling of it. The outcome is division rather than unity, and a host of misinformation spreads in all directions from underestimating or dismissing the seriousness among some groups and communities, to rushes on stores emptying shelves by others. Each city and state responds differently depending on its own perception of the coronavirus threat. China’s experience with coronavirus, as with SARS, proves quarantine and isolation limit and reduce the human environment that can host the coronavirus. China’s experience is now more valuable than ever for other countries that must face this threat head-on. China has already sent its own medical teams to aid coronavirus-stricken Italy. Other countries will also require China to provide its experience and knowledge in containing and combating this pandemic. Now it is time for the Western media to stop criticizing China’s methods, and instead understand them. They need to explain how these methods can be applied in different cultures and communities now facing the crisis. How China’s experience can be adapted relevantly and rationally in each country facing this crisis is the question everyone must consider, and this should be the new focus of global media covering the crisis. Xi’s concept of a “shared common destiny of mankind” may suddenly carry new meaning to people everywhere. We are all in this thing as one. Experience in China, and now in other countries, has demonstrated one thing. When the coronavirus strikes it strikes hard, fast and mercilessly. The coronavirus does not recognize national boundaries, ideologies or political parties. It is a threat to us all and requires all of us to put aside our differences and fight it together. Laurence Brahm is a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization, founding director of the Himalayan Consensus and co-chair of the Silk-Spice Road Dialogues. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.  
WS5e69a72ca31012821727e7e4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69a72ca31012821727e7e4.html	2020-03-12	New York City's St. Patrick's Day parade canceled on coronavirus concern	NEW YORK - The centuries-old St. Patrick's Day parade in New York City has been canceled this year, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Wednesday night, one of the most high-profile US public events to be felled by the global coronavirus pandemic. Organizers plan to hold what would have been the 259th annual parade at a later date, Cuomo said in a statement. The parade is usually held on March 17th, attracting millions of spectators who line up along Manhattan's Fifth Avenue to celebrate the patron saint of Ireland. The tradition dates back to 1762, organizers say. "While I know the parade organizers did not make this decision lightly, public health experts agree that one of the most effective ways to contain the spread of the virus is to limit large gatherings and close contacts, and I applaud the parade's leadership for working cooperatively with us," Cuomo's statement said. Reuters
WS5e6998b9a31012821727e6f6	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e6998b9a31012821727e6f6.html	2020-03-12	China stands firmly with Africa in its fight against coronavirus	The COVID-19 is a major public health emergency with fast spreading speed, wide range of infections, and difficult containment. Since the outbreak, President Xi Jinping has personally presided over China's epidemic response and projected calm and confidence. China has mobilized nationally and responded rapidly, adopted the most comprehensive, rigorous and thorough measures, making concerted efforts and progress in racing against time and fighting against disease. The spread of the epidemic in China has been effectively controlled through arduous work. Over the past week, the overall situation of the epidemic in China has shown a stable trend and the medical treatment methods and programs are becoming more and more effective. The cure rate of cases of confirmed infections in Wuhan, Hubei province and the whole country continues to rise. The number of newly cured and discharged cases exceeded newly confirmed cases, accounting for more than 55 percent in nearly 20 days. The number of new cases of confirmed infections has reached zero in most provinces and cities. The outbreak in Hubei province has also been contained with newly confirmed cases in many places returning to zero. Facts show that China has effectively controlled the spread of the epidemic which is completely preventable, controllable and treatable. President Xi has personally promoted and guided the international cooperation against the epidemic. In the spirit of openness, transparency and responsibility, China has timely shared information and experience with other countries. China's efforts and commitment have been highly appreciated by the international community. Recently, the China-WHO Joint Expert Mission on COVID-19 released a report after a nine-day field trip to China, fully recognizing China's "bravest, most flexible and most aggressive" prevention and control measures and encouraging other countries to learn from China's successful experience against epidemic. Since the outbreak of epidemic, AU and African countries have stood firmly with China. Many state leaders have sent messages or called us to support China's fight. Governments and peoples of many African countries have offered assistance. African Union Commission Chairperson Moussa Faki Mahamat addresses the opening of the 33rd Ordinary Session of the Assembly of the Heads of State and the Government of the African Union (AU) in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, Feb 9, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] AUC chairperson Faki repeatedly expressed his solidarity with Chinese people. Some African students in China volunteered to go to the front line of this battle or worked as volunteers. The unbreakable shared future and profound friendship between African and Chinese is embodied in the action of our African friends. A friend in need is a friend indeed. We will cherish the generosity and brotherhood of Africa and keep them in mind forever. Now the epidemic outside China has become severe with the COVID-19 spreading to more than 70 countries including several African countries. China is worried about and feels the same for what African people suffering now. "Amity between the people holds the key to sound state-to-state relations". Just as China helped Africa to cope with Ebola in 2014, we will never be absent when African countries need us. Mission of China to AU is attaching great importance to the disease prevention and control cooperation with AU related organs, keeping close coordination with them and updating the latest information. Embassies of China to African countries are also guiding all Chinese in Africa to cooperate with local prevention and control work, requiring people who just came back from China to do self-quarantine for two weeks. China has provided the first batch of testing kits to AU and will offer more medical supplies soon. We will also promote the implementation of healthcare initiative among "eight major initiatives" of FOCAC, the construction of African CDC and cooperation in the field of public health and disease control between China and Africa. The COVID-19 is a common challenge for humanity. It is yet undetermined where the virus originated. Wherever its origin may be, China and all the other affected countries are victims faced with the challenge in containing its spread. Standing at the forefront of the fight, China has served as a strong line of defense against the spread of the epidemic for the world. Human society shares a future where everyone has a stake. Globalization connects us which requires cooperation and joint response of the international community including African countries in fighting the epidemic. Guided by the vision of building a community with a shared future, as well as a health care community for mankind, China will actively participate in regional and international cooperation against the outbreak and deeply engage in international public health governance. Only with cooperation and joint response of the international community can we defeat the outbreak and safeguard regional and global public health security. The author is the ambassador and head of the Chinese Mission to AU.
WS5e69972aa31012821727e6e4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e69972aa31012821727e6e4.html	2020-03-12	15 new coronavirus cases confirmed on mainland	Ms. Meng (in red), 91, poses for photos with staff members as she finishes medical observation and leaves a quarantine site in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] New infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland were reported to be 15 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of infections to 80,793, the National Health Commission released on Thursday. Of those new infections, eight were reported in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province and also the center of the epidemic. Six of the new cases were imported from other countries. Of them, three were in Guangdong province, two were reported in Gansu province and the other one was in Henan province. To date, 85 imported cases have been counted. As of Wednesday midnight, the commission reported 11 new deaths, bringing the death toll to 3,169. Of them, 10 were reported in Hubei province. Another death was in Shaanxi province. The commission also reported another 33 new suspected cases. On the same day, a total of 1,318 people were discharged from the hospital after recovering. The commission added that the number of patients in severe condition had been reduced by 235 in the past 24 hours. It also revealed that 677,243 close contacts had been traced as of Wednesday midnight. Also, 2,206 were discharged from medical observation. Meanwhile, another 13,701 close contacts are still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 187 confirmed cases, with three deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, according to the commission. In Hubei, the total confirmed cases reached 67,781 by Wednesday midnight. Of them, about three quarters were reported in Wuhan. The province had seen a total death toll of 3,056, said the commission. It also reported 1,242 new recovered cases in the province on the same day. A total of 4,180 patients are still in severe condition.
WS5e699592a31012821727e6da	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e699592a31012821727e6da.html	2020-03-12	NBA suspends season after player tests positive for coronavirus	Toronto Raptors center Serge Ibaka (9) shoots the ball against Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert (27) during the first quarter at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA, Mar 9, 2020. Russell Isabella-USA TODAY Sports [Photo/Agencies] The National Basketball Association said on Wednesday that it was suspending the season until further notice after a Utah Jazz player tested positive for the coronavirus. The test result was reported shortly prior to the tip-off of a game between the Utah Jazz and Oklahoma City Thunder at Chesapeake Energy Arena. The league said the affected player, reportedly center Rudy Gobert, was not in the arena. Utah Jazz fans react after an announcement that the game against the Oklahoma City Thunder was postponed before tip off at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, US, Mar 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] "The NBA is suspending game play following the conclusion of tonight's schedule of games until further notice," the league said. "The NBA will use this hiatus to determine next steps for moving forward in regard to the coronavirus pandemic." Reuters
WS5e699306a31012821727e689	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e699306a31012821727e689.html	2020-03-12	Tom Hanks, wife Rita Wilson test positive for coronavirus in Australia	  Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson walk on the red carpet during the Oscars arrivals at the 92nd Academy Awards in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, US, February 9, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] LOS ANGELES - Oscar-winning actor Tom Hanks and his wife, actress Rita Wilson, have both tested positive for coronavirus in Australia, the actor said on Twitter. Hanks said that he and Wilson, who are both 63, were tested in Australia, where he is working on a film, after they felt tired and achy with slight fevers. "To play things right, as is needed in the world right now, we were tested for the coronavirus and were found to be positive," Hanks said in the tweet. The film star said that he and Wilson would be "tested, observed and isolated" for as long as required. The couple are the first major U.S. celebrities known to have contracted COVID-19. The coronavirus has infected more than 1,000 people in the United States. "Not much more to it than a one-day-at-a-time approach, no? We'll keep the world posted and updated," Hanks tweeted. Hanks had traveled to Australia to begin filming an upcoming movie about Elvis Presley. He is set to play Presley's manager, Colonel Tom Parker, in the Warner Bros. production. "We have been made aware that a company member from our Elvis feature film, which is currently in pre-production in The Gold Coast, Australia, has tested positive for COVID-19," Warner Bros said in a statement, without naming the person. "We are working closely with the appropriate Australian health agencies to identify and contact anyone who may have come in direct contact with the individual. "The health and safety of our company members is always our top priority, and we are taking precautions to protect everyone who works on our productions around the world," the studio said. The Warner Bros statement did not mention Hanks. It was not immediately clear if filming on the project would be postponed due to the actor's illness. The couple's son Chet took to Instagram to say he had spoken with his parents on the phone and that both were fine and there was no cause for major concern. "Yeah, it's true, my parents got coronavirus. Crazy," he said in a video message. "They're not worried about it, they're not trippin but they're going through the necessary health precautions obviously." Hanks won best actor Academy Awards for his role in 1994's "Philadelphia", and "Forrest Gump" the following year. Wilson has appeared in such films as "Sleepless in Seattle" and "Runaway Bride". Reuters
WS5e6992a1a31012821727e67d	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e6992a1a31012821727e67d.html	2020-03-12	Europeans vow to stand united to contain coronavirus	Shelves in a supermarket in Madrid were left bare on Tuesday as shoppers began to stock up on provisions. [MANU FERNANDEZ/AP] BRUSSELS－European Union leaders have vowed to stand united in their fight against the novel coronavirus outbreak and have set up a fund to help overburdened healthcare systems, as the virus continues to take its toll across the continent. Europe had a total of 14,890 confirmed cases, including 532 deaths, by Tuesday, the European Center for Disease Prevention and Control said. The pledges came during a rare emergency video conference among leaders of the 27-nation bloc, as the virus spread to all member countries and continues to take its toll on European politics, forcing meetings to be canceled, a parliamentary session to be cut short, and even some senior officials to be sent home to work. "Our citizens' health is the first priority," European Council President Charles Michel said. "We have decided to act. We have decided to be fast, and to be strong, and to work together." EU leaders have agreed that the health and interior ministers of member states will talk daily to ensure that all border or quarantine measures are coordinated with their neighbors. The EU's executive commission will take a Europe-wide inventory of all medical equipment, particularly masks and respirators, and buy more if needed. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said that the EU has set up a joint investment fund with 25 billion euros ($28 billion) from existing resources to cushion the blow to vulnerable sectors of the bloc's economies. However, the fund will have no fresh money, an EU official said, raising doubts about its effectiveness to provide a sufficient fiscal boost to counter a serious downturn. Spain reported 47 deaths and over 2,000 infections as of Wednesday, making it the second-worst hit country in Europe after Italy. Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez spoke to the country on Tuesday evening to give a "message of calm" over fears about the spread of the virus, as the government announced further measures including all sporting events being held behind closed doors. In Madrid, where more than 1,000 cases have been confirmed, libraries, sports centers and concert halls have been closed. "In order to (handle) this public health emergency, we will do everything that is needed, where it is needed and when it is needed," Sanchez said. British MP Nadine Dorries, a minister in the health department, said on Tuesday that she had tested positive for coronavirus, raising concerns about whether senior government figures had also been infected. The United Kingdom reported its sixth death on Tuesday, with more than 370 confirmed cases. News of the latest death was announced shortly after it was confirmed that the British government had reserved an entire hotel close to London's Heathrow airport for foreign nationals arriving in the UK who need to self-isolate. In Germany, Berlin city authorities on Wednesday banned all events with more than 1,000 participants until the end of the Easter holidays in mid-April. From Wednesday, Greece will shut down all educational institutions for 14 days. Julian Shea in London, Xinhua and agencies contributed to this story.
WS5e699266a31012821727e677	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e699266a31012821727e677.html	2020-03-12	Juventus player Rugani tests positive for coronavirus - club	File Photo of Daniele Rugani. [Photo/Agencies] MILAN - Juventus defender Daniele Rugani has become the first Serie A player to test positive for coronavirus, the Turin side said on Wednesday. Juventus said in a statement that the 26-year-old Italy international, who played in matches against Brescia and SPAL in February and was on the bench for Sunday's home game against Inter Milan, had not shown any symptoms of the virus. The Turin side are one of Europe's biggest clubs with a squad that includes five-times world player of the year Cristiano Ronaldo, who is currently in his native Madeira. "The footballer, Daniele Rugani, has tested positive for Coronavirus-COVID-19 and is currently asymptomatic," Juve said in a statement. "Juventus Football Club is currently activating all the isolation procedures required by law, including those who have had contact with him." Juventus had held a training session earlier on Wednesday. However, the club said Ronaldo did not take part as he had travelled to Madeira and would remain there "awaiting developments related to the current health emergency". Inter, meanwhile, have suspended all competitive activities until further notice. "The club is currently taking steps to put all the necessary procedures into place," Inter said. A source close to Juventus told Reuters that the players would now have to be isolated and put into quarantine for two weeks. That would mean the Champions League quarter-final second leg at home to Olympique Lyonnais next week but that match is now in doubt. The Italian government has banned all sporting events, including Serie A, until at least April 3, in a bid to contain Europe's worst outbreak. The most recent games were played on Sunday. On Wednesday the death toll in Europe's worst-affected country jumped by 196 in 24 hours to 827. Confirmed cases across Italy rose to 12,462 from a previous 10,149. Four players at third tier Pianese had previously tested positive for the virus. Rugani joined Juventus from Empoli in 2013 although he then returned to Empoli on loan. He has been at Juve since 2015. He played for Italy at youth levels and has won seven caps for the senior national side. Reuters
WS5e698a8ea31012821727e5f5	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e698a8ea31012821727e5f5.html	2020-03-12	Europe acts to counter coronavirus outbreak	A nurse packs a nose swab after testing a member of the public in his car at a drive-in testing site for novel coronavirus at the Regional Hospital Center in Liege, Belgium on Wednesday. FRANCOIS LENOIR/REUTERS European leaders announced coordinated measures to handle the novel coronavirus on Wednesday, as Italy's prime minister said the nation's lockdown could tighten, while Germany's leader Angela Merkel said experts believe 60-70 percent of its population will eventually be infected. Merkel made the prediction at a news conference, adding that since there was no known cure, the focus must be on slowing the spread of the virus. "It's about winning time," she said. "This is a test for our solidarity, our common sense and care for each other. And I hope we pass the test," she said. Merkel also said she was open to scrapping Germany's "black zero" rule to allow new government borrowing. She said it was "an extraordinary situation" and that ending the outbreak came first. Germany has so far reported 1,296 cases of the virus with three deaths, and Lothar Wieler, the president of the Robert Koch Institute for disease control, said the organization did not believe there was a significant number of undetected cases in the country. In Berlin, city authorities put crowd measures in place until Easter. Performances in large halls at state theaters, opera houses and concert halls in the German capital would not take place from Wednesday until April 19 in an attempt to halt the spread of the virus. "The coronavirus continues to spread. In such a phase, public life must be restricted," said Berlin's local health minister, Dilek Kalayci. Merkel's remarks came as Italy entered its second day of a national lockdown. Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte announced the closure of schools, gyms, museums, nightclubs and other venues across the country, which on Wednesday passed 12,000 confirmed infections. In a teleconference meeting, leaders of the European Union's 27 member states agreed to ease spending rules and mobilize at least 25 billion euros ($28.4 billion) of EU funds to address the economic fallout from the coronavirus. "We will use all the tools at our disposal to make sure that the European economy weathers this storm," European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen told a news conference. She said the European Commission, the executive arm of the EU, will set up the joint investment fund from existing resources to cushion the blow to vulnerable sectors of the bloc's economies. Funds will be allocated to support national healthcare systems, small and medium-size businesses, workers and other vulnerable parts of the economy. By Wednesday morning, more than 15,000 cases had been reported in the EU, the United Kingdom, and the European Economic Area (known as EEA), two-thirds of them in Italy where 827 people have died after being diagnosed with the coronavirus. The UK's Bank of England announced an emergency cut in interest rates to shore up the economy in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak. Policymakers reduced rates from 0.75 percent to 0.25 percent, taking borrowing costs back down to the lowest level in history. A UK health minister, Nadine Dorries, tested positive for coronavirus, triggering concerns that some of her staff and other members of Parliament may have contracted the coronavirus. She reportedly developed symptoms last week, but came into contact with hundreds of people before getting tested on Monday. Among the public meetings she attended was an event at Downing Street, which was hosted by Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Michael Gove, the Cabinet office minister, has said that the next round of Brexit trade talks between the UK and the EU, which were due to start next week, might have to be cancelled because of the coronavirus. For the first round of negotiations, 100 British officials travelled to Brussels. The general advice for EU officials now is that only essential meetings should be held and that video-conferencing and working from home should be considered. The British government admitted that the National Health Service 111 phone and online service has been giving out the wrong advice on coronavirus to travelers returning from Italy, as the number of confirmed cases in the UK rose to 456. There have been no more deaths within the UK, but two more Britons have died overseas. Travelers returning from Italy were still being told on Tuesday that there was no need to self-isolate if they had no symptoms. Belgium has reported three coronavirus-related deaths, prompting the government to urge people to stay at home if they feel sick. Turkey has announced its first confirmed case, a Turkish national who had recently returned from Europe, Health Minister Fahrettin Koca said on Wednesday. Hospitals in Istanbul and the capital Ankara have been set up to test and quarantine patients suspected of having the virus. Turkish citizens should avoid travelling abroad if possible, Koca added. Spain's Health Ministry says roughly half of its 2,000 plus cases are in the Madrid region, where two-thirds of its 47 virus deaths have occurred. Iran's Health Ministry reported 63 new deaths from COVID-19－the highest number in a single day in the country. It said there had now been 354 deaths since the outbreak began last month. The total number of infections in the country is now more than 9,000.
WS5e698a8ca31012821727e5f1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e698a8ca31012821727e5f1.html	2020-03-12	Addressing coronavirus in a globalized world	President Xi Jinping inquires about purchasing and supply of people's daily necessities at a community in Wuhan, March 10, 2020. (Xinhua/Xie Huanchi) The recent visit by President Xi Jinping to Wuhan was an important moment in China, rousing and inspiring both the city and the Chinese nation, providing confidence to those making sacrifices as the community pulls together. Here we can see a nation's leadership dealing effectively with the COVID-19 issue and shedding light on the bravery at the front line, which is leading the battle against the coronavirus for the world. The international community owes a great deal of gratitude to China in dealing with this issue so effectively. This leadership extends to cooperation with other countries and Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi recently discussed the battle against COVID-19 with Italian Foreign Minister Luigi Di Maio. The discussion between them raised valuable points, most importantly, that the epidemic knows no borders and that solidarity of the international community is needed to combat the virus. A time of challenge There has been a challenging landscape faced by China in recent weeks. Factories initially remained closed following Chinese New Year and little by little, many have slowly reopened with restricted measures. There is no complacency however, with a cautious balance still held and a careful step-by-step approach being taken. Global companies relying on Chinese production have their inventory to rely on, but some supply chains could be impacted. The big picture has seen some household names affected. We now live in an interconnected world where what's good for one is what's good for all. Now that we are in a multipolar world, what affects one part affects each other part of the complex global fabric. China is now one important element of this and the challenges that the country faces will have an effect on the global economy. China is now a vital component powering the global economic engine and an essential contributor to global GDP. If we run a comparison for the SARS outbreak for example, China contributed about 4 percent to global GDP in 2003, which with a comparatively smaller outbreak had a muted impact on the world. Now China contributes about 16 percent to global GDP and is the biggest contributor to annual GDP growth. China has evolved to create a center of gravity, powering the world with goods while also moving to a higher level. This issue has affected China at an inflection point. Its economy is increasingly diverse, as after four decades of historic development, the country's economy moves from a high rate of growth with low-cost manufacturing, to high quality growth driven by innovation. An evolving situation There has been a slow reopening of production due to the coronavirus and its related challenges, including carefully implementing health and safety for the benefit of workers and the public good. However, China is bringing back some economic activities online. Some experts believe that China is capable of mitigating the impact on its foreign trade with trade growth momentum maintained as the year goes on. A stimulus package has been implemented by the Chinese Ministry of Finance to fortify the Chinese economy during this time of challenge. Such measures include introducing tax policies and financial relief measures to aid the economy during the epidemic and the People's Bank of China also has worked to guarantee sufficient liquidity. This is much needed at a time when the IMF has downgraded its growth forecasts, warning that the global economy won't match the 2.9 percent expansion achieved in 2019. Global growth in 2020 will dip below last year's levels. But how far it falls, and how long the impact will be, is difficult to predict. Supporting the global community There will be challenges ahead, things won't be easy and recovery will take time, however slowly and surely things will improve. When the green shoots of recovery arrive in China, the new concern will move from China production and consumption to global production and consumption outside of China. There could be hotspots in other parts of the world and the issues could change from low supply to low demand – the same parts and goods that were scarce might now shift to China production not being met by demand from countries struggling. Some of this surplus can contribute to supporting countries currently facing challenges, including Iran and Italy - China is already planning to help countries facing inadequate supplies in their battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic by encouraging domestic producers to export their products. As China's production capacity of medical supplies has risen, so they are in a position to help further. For example, daily output of protective suits in China has now reached 500,000 units, marking a surge from less than 20,000 at the beginning of the epidemic. Factories across the country can now make 1.6 million N95 surgical masks every day, up from 200,000 before the outbreak. The UAE is following the same principles of global support for addressing and dealing with the coronavirus outbreak, and also playing a vital role with essential contributions towards the collective global research effort for a coronavirus vaccine. Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the World Health Organization, recently thanked Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, crown prince of Abu Dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the armed forces, for his support in ensuring the success of an aid mission to affected areas, including 7.5 tons of emergency medical supplies and life-saving equipment. In this respect, the UAE has been coordinating with affected countries and has showed solidarity across the global community, with an effective role providing support and aid all around the world. The aid package, worth Dh1 million, was arranged by the World Health Organization through the Emirates Humanitarian City in Abu Dhabi, delivering supplies to help 15,000 healthcare workers in Iran. The mobilisation of the Emirates Humanitarian City is making effective contributions to China in fighting this virus and is supporting the world, having been set up in just 48 hours, providing humanitarian aid and medical care globally. The UAE also has supported China as best it can by deepening healthcare cooperation to support efforts to face this medical challenge. Our country is shipping hundreds of thousands of units of essential goods to affected areas of China, including surgical masks, medical gloves, goggles and protective clothing, to support the medical effort and healthcare personnel. The UAE-China Bigger Picture For the UAE and China, we have a strong bilateral relationship and a comprehensive strategic partnership that has provided a robust foundation. President Xi Jinping made a state visit to the UAE in July 2018, where this comprehensive strategic partnership was established with the UAE leadership. This relationship was refined during the visit to the Belt and Road Forum by His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, vice-president and prime minister of the UAE and ruler of Dubai. The partnership was deepened still further by the state visit to the People's Republic of China, by His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. This is the blueprint of a strong relationship supported by great chemistry between the leaders. Such a relationship provides a strong foundation for the future. The UAE has a long-term strategy of engagement with China, as is clear from its work on the Belt and Road Initiative. In this respect, the country has signed both communiques of the two Belt and Road Forums so far and is a founding member of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB). The UAE and China have been described as creating a 'road map' for a century of prosperity, by His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan during his state visit to Beijing in July 2019. Such a long-term vision begins with steps to teach the Chinese language across more than 200 schools in the UAE. The future of the UAE-China relationship is not just about trade, but about cultural exchange, with the nations deepening cultural cooperation. The UAE participated in last year's Dialogue of Asian Civilizations exhibition in Beijing, held under the patronage of President Xi Jinping. The 'Hala China' initiative was established last year in the UAE to reinforce commercial and cultural ties between the two countries and launch cultural and heritage events. The longer-term aspirations of bilateral trade are to achieve $200 billion by 2030, building from a solid and sound long-term comprehensive strategic partnership. The coronavirus matter is ultimately a short-lived bump in the road and the UAE-China relationship will flourish for the long-term. Recovery Any effects on the Chinese economy by COVID-19 can be mitigated against and the prudent measures set in place will support the nation's longer-term recovery. There is an enduring confidence in China's economy from countries around the world, which remains stable. Recently China topped a trust index among 28 markets surveyed worldwide, with a record high public confidence in its government, business, media and NGOs. China achieved 82 points among the general population, four points higher than 2019 and nine points higher than in 2018. It is the third consecutive year that China has held first position. Therefore, we can consider that we should collectively be prepared for the challenges this year from the coronavirus and plan accordingly. However, we can be confident that long-term stability is sound and that one of our closest trading partners will soon be in good shape once more. The growth in bilateral UAE-China trade across numerous sectors, from clean energy to artificial intelligence, health, education and many more, will offset any challenges. Over this coming decade we will see a flourishing relationship for the mutual interest of both parties, as part of a dynamic global economy. The author is ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to China. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e698676a31012821727e5a0	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e698676a31012821727e5a0.html	2020-03-12	Fully prepared for coronavirus	 
WS5e697c22a31012821727e555	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e697c22a31012821727e555.html	2020-03-12	Fight against coronavirus reaches customs	Jin Ding/China Daily On Tuesday, the police in Qingtian, Zhejiang province, announced they were charging six local people who returned from Italy last week. The six had not declared to the authorities on their arrival that they were running a fever and had been coughing－symptoms associated with the novel coronavirus－even before boarding the flight in Italy. They were later confirmed to be infected with the virus. The six travelers had even been coughing on the flight home, giving their co-passengers some anxious moments: some of them might now be needing medical observation for having been in close contact with the patients. By not declaring their condition on arrival, the six passengers ended up wasting precious medical resources and time that could have been used to treat more patients. That is exactly why the law on prevention of epidemics requires all people entering the Chinese territory during the epidemic to declare their health condition. The more information, such as that on suspected infection, is shared with the health authorities, the more equipped they will be to control the epidemic. Only when the health authorities know who might have been infected can they take effective measures to treat the patients and protect others from being infected. It is hoped that the case of the six passengers from Italy teaches everybody to be honest for the sake of public good. China's fight against the outbreak within its territory seems to be coming to an end but the fear now is of infections from outside. It is time to strengthen health checks at customs in the global common goal to fight the epidemic.
WS5e691ebba31012821727e4ac	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e691ebba31012821727e4ac.html	2020-03-12	WHO declares coronavirus a pandemic	File picture shows World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus speaks at a daily briefing in Geneva, Switzerland, on March 9, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The World Health Organization on Wednesday declared the COVID-19 viral disease that has swept into at least 114 countries and killed more than 4,000 people a pandemic. "This is the first pandemic caused by coronavirus," said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. The US and seven other countries are each reporting more than 1,000 cases of COVID-19, caused by the virus that has infected more than 120,000 people worldwide. "In the past two weeks, the number of cases of COVID-19 outside China has increased 13-fold, and the number of affected countries has tripled," Tedros said.  "In the days and weeks ahead, we expect to see the number of cases, the number of deaths, and the number of affected countries climb even higher, '' he said. The WHO is "deeply concerned," Tedros said, "both by the alarming levels of spread and severity, and by the alarming levels of inaction" by the world's leaders in response to the outbreak. "We have therefore made the assessment that COVID-19 can be characterized as a pandemic," he added.  Tedros also urged people not to be fearful because of its status as a pandemic. He also said the term should not be taken to mean that the fight against the virus is over.  "Describing the situation as a pandemic does not change WHO's assessment of the threat posed by the virus," Tedros said. "It doesn't change what WHO is doing. And it doesn't change what countries should do."
WS5e691b06a31012821727e4a7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/12/WS5e691b06a31012821727e4a7.html	2020-03-12	Stocks plunge on coronavirus numbers	[Photo/Agencies] The number of confirmed coronavirus cases in the US passed 1,600 on Wednesday and fear of contagion sent US stocks down as the market gave up most of yesterday's gains. In mid-day trading, the Dow Jones Industrial average fell as much as 1,000 points, but pared the loss to 970 points, or 3.84 percent, to 24,023.07. The S&P 500 lost 3.44 percent. Nasdaq Composite declined 3.29 percent. The Dow climbed 1,167 points on Tuesday. The US currently has 1,622 cases, according to data from Johns Hopkins University on Wednesday. The number of people with the disease has doubled since Sunday alone. At least 31 people have died. The number of confirmed coronavirus cases worldwide had climbed to 121,564, including 4,373 deaths., the university's data showed. But 66,239 people diagnosed with the disease, also called Covid-19, have recovered. Investors fear the worldwide spread of coronavirus will disrupt production, curtail travel and erode retail sales, cutting revenue and making stocks at current prices too expensive. "We expect major (higher income) economies to slow sharply in the coming months, with stagnation in the US and contraction in the Euro area in the second quarter," New York investment bank Goldman Sachs said in a research report. "The main channels are increased supply chain disruptions in manufacturing industries dependent on Chinese-made components, a growing hit to consumer spending and business activity in areas that involve a high degree of face-to-face interactions, and a deterioration of financial conditions." However, there are early signs that production in China is resuming. That would strengthen supply chains, including Apple which warned it expects lower revenue this quarter due to disruption caused by the coronavirus outbreak. Apple's stock lost 3.03 percent. Brent Crude, a worldwide benchmark, fell 3.12 percent. West Texas Intermediate Crude declined 3.23 percent. Oil is often viewed as a proxy for future economic activity. Copper, also considered at indicator of economic activity because it is used extensively in electrical products and construction, fell 0.75 percent. Yield on the 10-year US Treasury note declined slightly as the price edged up as investors sought safety. Bond yield and price move in opposite directions. US President Donald Trump plans to meet with top banking officials Wednesday afternoon to discuss the threat of the coronavirus. Representatives from Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup are expected to attend. The full agenda has not been announced. "We'll be talking to them about what they can do to help small businesses and companies that are impacted," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told reporters Monday. Overall, the US economy is strong going into the coronavirus outbreak. Last week, the Labor Department reported that employers hired an additional 273,000 workers in February and wages rose 3 percent from a year earlier. Economists surveyed by The Wall Street Journal expected employer to hire 175,000 new workers. The tight labor maker means companies must offer higher pay to attract and retain employees. The US economy added an average of 243,000 jobs a month December through February. In 2019, monthly job growth averaged 178,000. Travel and leisure stocks took a hit Wednesday as individuals and companies limit travel during the coronavirus outbreak. In response, American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta have reduced the number of flights. Some cuts may extend through the summer. American fell 8.12 percent. United lost 5.14 percent. Delta slid 7.17 percent. Six Flags Entertainment, operator of about 25 theme parks across the nation, fell 8.01 percent. Hotel chains were also clipped. Hyatt dropped 7.0 percent. Marriott International fell 6.20 percent. InterContinental fell 5.80. Royal Caribbean Cruises fell 10.42 percent. Major bank stocks declined. JPMorgan Chase lost 2.60 percent. Bank of America fell 2.01 percent. Citi fell 4.22 percent.
WS5e690513a31012821727e484	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e690513a31012821727e484.html	2020-03-11	US coronavirus cases pass 1,600	A person wearing a face mask walks along Wall Street after further cases of coronavirus were confirmed in New York City, New York, U.S., March 6, 2020. [Photo\Agencies] The number of known coronavirus cases in the United States surpassed 1,600 on Wednesday in 38 states, and the nation's capital with at least 31 patients dying. Overseas, thousands of people have died and tens of thousands have been infected. Confirmed cases abroad reached 121,061 Wednesday in 115 countries and regions, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. More than 4,360 people have died. In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel said up to 70 percent of the population could get infected with the virus, and that her government's strategy was to slow down the contagion to avoid health-care providers becoming overwhelmed "The virus has arrived in Europe, it is here and we must all understand that," Ms. Merkel said. "As long as there is no immunity in the population, no vaccines and no therapy, then a high percentage of the population — experts say 60% to 70% —will become infected." On Tuesday, Italy, which is under a nationwide lockdown, saw the biggest rise in coronavirus deaths since the outbreak began in the southern European nation. At least 168 people have died in the past 24 hours, said Angelo Borrelli, head of Italy's Civil Protection Agency, on Tuesday. The US has 1,622 cases, according to data from Johns Hopkins University on Wednesday. The number of people with the disease has doubled since Sunday alone. Washington state, where a nursing home in Kirkland is at the center of the outbreak, is still the hardest hit. California and New York each have more than 100 cases and Massachusetts is nearing 100. States are declaring states of emergency, allowing them to access federal resources and funding. Companies in virus-hit states are telling employees to work from home. Amazon said Tuesday it is setting up a $5 million fund to help small businesses near its Seattle headquarters cope with losses as the tech giant's estimated 50,000 employees work from home. Universities and colleges are suspending classes, ending the semester early, or conducting online classes. Some told students going on spring break not to return until notified. Major events have been canceled or postponed. The New York International Auto Show has been rescheduled to August. Chicago canceled its St. Patrick's Day parade and organizers postponed the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival for six months. In France, confirmed cases jumped to 1,784 on Tuesday from 204 one week earlier, with 33 deaths from coronavirus. At least seven people in France's National Assembly have tested positive for the disease, including five representatives.  In Britain, junior health minister Nadine Dorries tested positive for coronavirus. She reportedly fell ill shortly after attending an event with Prime Minister Boris Johnson and was recovering at home. Iran on Wednesday confirmed 63 new deaths from the virus, bringing the total number of fatalities to 354. Japan and South Korea also saw an increase in cases on Tuesday. Japan now has 1,264 confirmed cases and 19 deaths. Authorities in South Korea confirmed 242 new cases, bringing the national total to 7,755.
WS5e69010fa31012821727e476	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e69010fa31012821727e476.html	2020-03-11	US stocks open lower on coronavirus threat	Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, US, March 9, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The three major indexes were down Wednesday as US stocks opened lower and drifted the day after gaining 1,167 points, suggesting another rocky day of trading amid fears of an economy dragged down by the coronavirus. In early trading, the Dow Jones Industrial average fell 770.92 points, or 3.14 percent, to 24,225.01. The S&P 500 lost 3.04 percent. Nasdaq Composite declined 2.66 percent. Brent Crude, a worldwide benchmark, fell 2.61 percent. West Texas Intermediate Crude declined 2.94 percent. Oil is often viewed as a proxy for future economic activity. Yield on the 10-year US Treasury note declined slightly as the price edged up as investors sought safety. Bond yield and price move in opposite directions. US President Donald Trump plans to meet with top banking officials Wednesday afternoon to discuss the threat of the coronavirus. Representatives from Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup are expected to attend. The full agenda has not been announced. "We'll be talking to them about what they can do to help small businesses and companies that are impacted," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told reporters Monday. It may be another rough day for airline stocks as individuals and companies limit travel during the coronavirus outbreak. In response, American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta have reduced the number of flights. Some cuts may extend through the summer. Leisure stocks, including hotel and cruise ship lines, also may be clipped in Wednesday's trading. On Tuesday, US stocks rallied for a strong finish after sliding into negative territory by midday and the Dow closed up 1,167 points. US President Donald Trump plans to meet with top banking officials Wednesday afternoon to discuss the threat of the coronavirus. Representatives from Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup are expected to attend. The full agenda has not been announced. "We'll be talking to them about what they can do to help small businesses and companies that are impacted," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told reporters Monday. On Tuesday, US stocks rallied for a strong finish after sliding into negative territory by midday and the Dow closed up 1,167 points.
WS5e68dbe8a31012821727e44a	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e68dbe8a31012821727e44a.html	2020-03-11	South African health ministers strategize on novel coronavirus mitigation	Ethiopian Airlines cabin crew wait to be screened for the novel coronavirus at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos, Nigeria, on March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Health ministers from the Southern African Development Community have called on member states to put in place national preparedness and response plans, as well as contingency and emergency funds, to address gaps in novel coronavirus prevention, impact mitigation and other interventions. The ministers who met in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania, on Monday urged member states to institute peer review mechanisms to validate self-assessment reports on coronavirus readiness. They also requested international partners, through the World Health Organization and the Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to support member states in the development and implementation of country plans, as well as in resource mobilization for health-related infrastructure development. Those at the meeting agreed that member states will establish coherent mechanisms of sharing information on transboundary public health concerns, and that the technical committee for coordinating and monitoring implementation of the SADC Protocol on Health, comprising of directors of public health and directors of medical services, be reestablished, and its terms of reference be expanded. The revived technical committee will work in partnership with disaster management and other relevant organizations at national and regional levels, as well as other sectors in government, including Africa Centers for Disease Control, development partners, the private sector and civil society in line with the expanded terms of reference. Due to ongoing novel coronavirus concerns, those meeting recommended a temporary suspension of Southern African Development Community regional face-to-face meetings and encouraged utilization of modern technologies, such as video conferences, webinars and Skype, until the situation is contained. The ministers urged member states to encourage preventive measures, such as handwashing and sanitization of surfaces in workplaces and domestic settings. They commended China, the WHO and Africa Centers for Disease Control for efforts being made towards addressing the outbreak, and pledged the Southern African Development Community's continued solidarity towards China and other countries affected by the virus. Ummy Mwalimu, the Tanzanian minister for Health, Community Development, Gender, Elderly and Children, said there is need to be ready and respond collectively in ensuring that the virus is contained if it enters any of the member states. "This is a new virus for which we currently have no immunity and for which there is currently no specific treatment or vaccine. This means the virus has the potential to spread extensively in our region," Mwalimu said. He urged public health authorities in the region to intensify collaboration with airline operators for identification and case management on board aircraft, should it occur. "We have an obligation to ensure that a multisectoral approach in healthcare is promoted in the SADC region, and that we engage in concerted efforts, which are scientifically and ethically appropriate and in accordance with international health regulations," Mwalimu said. Wang Ke, the Chinese ambassador to Tanzania, said that since the outbreak of the disease, China has taken the prevention of the overseas spread of coronavirus as its important task. "We have cancelled all outbound tourist groups, strictly screened passengers at all exit ports across the country, and required all Chinese citizens going abroad to observe and follow epidemic control measures and quarantine themselves for two weeks upon their arrival at destination countries," Wang said. Wang said adoption of a strong sense of responsibility, rational attitude and scientific methods, as well as taking the initiative to formulate effective work plans, can prevent the spread of the virus. He said work plans should include vigorous popularizing of how to protect oneself against the disease, focusing on intensifying border screening and improving detection capability, and quickly identifying and tracking infected cases, as well as close contacts. Wang said China is willing to share its information and experience in fighting against the epidemic with African countries, as well as provide support to the continent in preventing and containing the outbreak.
WS5e68c227a31012821727e430	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e68c227a31012821727e430.html	2020-03-11	Beijing adds to coronavirus control measures	A coach transports passengers from a special hub set to temporarily hold all returnees from overseas in the China International Exhibition Center in Shunyi district, Beijing, on March 12, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Authorities in Beijing imposed new quarantine measures on Wednesday on inbound passengers to strengthen control of the coronavirus epidemic. People entering China through the capital from countries that don't have a severe epidemic situation should also isolate themselves for 14 days at home or designated place starting on Tuesday, said Zhang Qiang, deputy director of the Organization Department of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee in a daily news briefing on Wednesday. Those who entered Beijing from overseas for a short stay related to business should stay at designated local hotels and receive nucleic acid tests. They may not leave their hotels if no test results are available, Zhang said. A special hub to temporarily hold all returnees from overseas was set up in the China International Exhibition Center in Shunyi district, Zhang said, adding provinces and autonomous regions also sent special work groups for protection of their residents returning from overseas through Beijing. Some outbound passengers who chose not to stay in the capital but transferred through Capital International Airport or Daxing International Airport in Beijing will receive health monitoring, Zhang added.
WS5e68aeb5a31012821727e411	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e68aeb5a31012821727e411.html	2020-03-11	Xi vows victory over coronavirus in Wuhan	None
WS5e68a11ba31012821727e3cf	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e68a11ba31012821727e3cf.html	2020-03-11	Coachella music festival postponed until October over coronavirus	The Coachella music festival in the Southern California desert has been postponed for six months until October because of concerns over the coronavirus, organizer Goldenvoice said on Tuesday. The festival, one of the biggest in the world, brings half a million fans to an open-air site in Indio, east of Los Angeles, over two weekends and was due to take place on April 10-12 and April 17-19. The line-up this year was headlined by Rage Against the Machine, Frank Ocean and Travis Scott. At the direction of local authorities, "we must sadly confirm the rescheduling of Coachella," Goldenvoice said in a statement. "While this decision comes at a time of universal uncertainty, we take the safety and health of our guests, staff and community very seriously," it said. The 20-year-old festival will now take place Oct 9-11 and Oct 16-18. Goldenvoice said it had also postponed Stagecoach, a country music festival held in Indio, to Oct 23-25 from April. The decisions follow the cancellation last week of the South by South West festival of film, music, technology that had been scheduled for March 13-22 in Austin, Texas. Musicians have cancelled concerts in Asia and Europe because of the spread of the virus, and American rock band Pearl Jam on Monday announced it was postponing all of its planned US and Canada dates through the end of April. "The levels of risk to our audience and their communities is simply too high for our comfort level," the band said in a statement. Almost three-quarters of US states have reported confirmed cases of coronavirus, with at least 28 deaths. More than 116,000 people have contracted the virus worldwide since it surfaced in China late last year, according to the World Health Organization. More than 4,000 people have died. REUTERS
WS5e68997fa31012821727e38a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e68997fa31012821727e38a.html	2020-03-11	Aid team headed to Italy to help contain novel coronavirus outbreak	An aid team of seven people on Wednesday left China for Italy to assist its containment of the novel coronavirus, according to a report by the China Central Television. The team, led by a vice-president of the Red Cross Society of China, consists of an expert with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, and five people from Southwest China's Sichuan province - three medics, an interpreter and a Sichuan Red Cross officer in charge of communication. The deployment was at the request of the Italian Red Cross and was approved by central authorities, the report said. The three medics from Sichuan are Liang Zong'an, a senior respiratory physician at West China Hospital affiliated with Sichuan University in the provincial capital of Chengdu, Tang Menglin, a senior nurse at the hospital, and Tong Wenbin, deputy director at the provincial institute of microbiology. Apart from self-protection materials, they are bringing some medical protective materials at the request of Italian Red Cross, the report said.
WS5e6895dca31012821727e36f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e6895dca31012821727e36f.html	2020-03-11	Foreigners hail China's efforts to curb coronavirus	China has fully displayed its ability to act on curbing the coronavirus, and its experience is an example the world can learn from and emulate, foreign residents in Quanzhou, Fujian province, said on Sunday after the city's coronavirus cases were all cleared. Darien Kelu, who is from Italy and living in Quanzhou, said the epidemic enhanced his understanding of China. "People across the nation responded and joined the battle against the epidemic quickly. They built Huoshenshan Hospital within 10 days, dispatched more than 200 medical teams to Wuhan and threw in hundreds of billions yuan into epidemic control and prevention. Touching slogans are everywhere," he said. "No one spares any effort in this fight. People in my country are not capable of doing this." Speaking of the severe situation in Italy, Kelu said he is worried about his family. "Seeing that my motherland is clouded by the epidemic, I'm worried. I already told my family to go out less and wear masks," he said. "Italy has deployed preventive measures such as disinfecting, and I hope they will learn more from China. I believe that everything will pass." Another resident, Kim Young-ah from South Korea, hailed China's cohesion in battling the coronavirus. "The epidemic in South Korea is severe now, but preventive measures there are not carried out as effectively as in China," he said. "My parents were worried about me before, but after seeing China's quick response and effective implementation of anti-epidemic actions, they gradually felt at ease." Kim said his parents used to go out every day, but now they follow his advice, staying at home and wearing masks when they can't avoid going out. Many other foreigners in Quanzhou have also given thumb-ups to the Chinese people's joint efforts to contain the coronavirus. Nations confronting this common enemy should strengthen cooperation to cope with the challenges, they said. Huang Siyu contributed to this story.
WS5e685114a31012821727e209	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e685114a31012821727e209.html	2020-03-11	Passengers plod off coronavirus-stricken cruise ship in face masks in California	Passengers from the Grand Princess cruise ship, which docked in Oakland, arrive for quarantine at Joint Base San Antonio Lackland in San Antonio, Texas, US, March 9, 2020, after 21 passengers on the cruise were tested positive for the COVID-19 coronavirus. [Photo/Agencies] Hundreds of travelers who boarded a cruise liner for Hawaii last month in sandals and sunglasses trudged off the coronavirus-stricken ship in face masks at the Port of Oakland, California, on Tuesday, headed to quarantine sites around the country. The tightly controlled disembarkation began on Monday, hours after the cruise ship Grand Princess arrived at a specially secured terminal across San Francisco Bay from its home port amid cheers from weary passengers who had spent days at sea confined to their staterooms. By midday Tuesday, nearly 700 passengers wearing surgical masks had left the ship in small groups, escorted by personnel dressed in full protective gear to chartered buses. Addressing a news conference on Tuesday in Sacramento, the state capital, Governor Gavin Newsom said he hoped to finish getting all 2,400 some passengers off the ship within 72 hours. Plans originally called for the 1,100 crew members, except those requiring immediate medical care, to remain aboard the Grand Princess when it leaves port for a two-week quarantine period at sea. But Newsom told reporters that some crew members, many from the Philippines, may end up repatriated to their home countries instead. Among the first people off the ship were 26 US residents taken by ambulance to hospitals around the region, including two passengers diagnosed with coronavirus during on-board testing last week that also found 19 crew members infected, Newsom said. Princess Cruises, the ship's owner-operator, said those crew members were deemed asymptomatic and confined to their individual cabins. Reuters
WS5e6840faa31012821727e12d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e6840faa31012821727e12d.html	2020-03-11	UN system acts on coronavirus by limiting access to UN sites, pooling resources	UNITED NATIONS - Agencies, departments and offices of the United Nations are taking action to address the novel coronavirus crisis by limiting access to UN sites and by pooling resources for preparedness, UN officials said on Tuesday. "Very important measures were decided mostly over the weekend and yesterday (Monday)," UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told reporters. "They have been announced today (Tuesday) to member states. And they are preventive measures with the objective to prevent and, obviously, if something happens, to contain (the virus)." "And we are totally committed to cooperate with the authorities of the (host) country, the state, and the city in order to be part of the effort in New York," he added. Guterres was referring to new restrictions on access to UN Headquarters in New York. "It has been decided to close the complex to the general public and to temporarily suspend all guided tours until further notice," said Stephane Dujarric, Guterres' spokesman, in a note to correspondents earlier on Tuesday. These arrangements will come into effect on Tuesday at 8 p.m. New York time (0000 GMT Wednesday), he said. The United Nations will continue to monitor the situation closely and further measures may be taken as circumstances evolve, said the spokesman, adding that the secretary-general takes the health and safety of UN staff as a matter of utmost priority and concern. The UN Headquarters in New York City, located in Midtown Manhattan on the East River, is a popular tourist attraction. Guided tours have been offered at UN Headquarters ever since the complex opened in 1952. The UN Visit Centre says approximately 1 million visitors from around the world come to visit the United Nations every year. Enrollment in a guided tour costs 22 U.S. dollars per adult. The world body is also restricting access to the UN Secretariat building, the tallest structure in the complex. In a notice to correspondents at the United Nations, the Media Accreditation and Liaison Unit (MALU) said that only those in possession of a valid UN grounds pass or special event tag will be allowed access to the Secretariat building. Any other visitors requiring access into the building for a meeting or other events will need to be signed in and escorted by a UN staff member or a delegate from member states, said MALU. "At this time of increasing worries expressed by staff members and others, these measures and those announced this morning should help promote a better work atmosphere while contributing to the active management of any risks," it said. A state of emergency over COVID-19 was declared in New York State earlier in the week. Although no cases of infection of the novel coronavirus have been reported so far among UN staff in New York, Undersecretary-General Atul Khare for the Department of Operational Support briefed member states on COVID-19 in an informal meeting on Tuesday morning called by the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council. The head of the World Health Organization (WHO), Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, told reporters in Geneva on Monday that, now that COVID-19 has a foothold in so many countries, the threat of a pandemic has become very real, but he also stressed that it would be the first pandemic in history that could be controlled. The UN Refugee Agency on Tuesday launched an initial appeal for 33 million US dollars to boost preparedness, prevention, and response to address the public health needs of refugees prompted by COVID-19. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi said that as of Tuesday and based on available evidence, there have been no reports of COVID-19 infections among refugees and asylum seekers. But he said the virus can affect anyone and stressed the need to ensure that the global response includes all people. The UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) said on Tuesday that one in five students worldwide is staying away from school due to the COVID-19 crisis and an additional one in four is being kept out of institutions of higher education. Data show that the crisis is now impacting close to 363 million students worldwide, from the pre-primary to tertiary level, including 57.8 million students in higher education. Fifteen countries have ordered nationwide school closures and 14 have implemented localized closures, spanning Asia, Europe, the Middle East and North America, the agency reported. A global videoconference of higher education officials on Tuesday was convened to step up the emergency response and share strategies to minimize learning disruption. UNESCO also announced the creation of an emergency task force that will support national responses and share effective policy responses with a focus on the most vulnerable countries. It has published a list of freely accessible learning applications and platforms for use by parents, teachers and students, as well as school systems.
WS5e683f59a31012821727e0f2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e683f59a31012821727e0f2.html	2020-03-11	South Korea reports jump in coronavirus cases	Women wearing protective masks walk past a statue also with masks on, following an outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Daegu, South Korea, March 10, 2020.[Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea reported a jump in new coronavirus cases on Wednesday as authorities tested hundreds of staff at a call centre where the disease appeared this week, reversing 11 days of slowing infections, health officials said. Another 242 new cases were reported compared with only 35 a day earlier, bringing the total to 7,755, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) said. The death toll rose by one to 60. The daily tally of new cases in South Korea peaked at 909 on Feb 29, as authorities tested about 200,000 followers of a fringe Christian church at the centre of the nation's epidemic. With that task almost done, the infection rate had slowed in recent days, raising hopes that South Korea might be bringing the virus under control. But new clusters at the call centre in Seoul, and among teachers and students of a dance school with classes around the country, have kept authorities on high alert for a fresh spike in infections. Fifty two of the latest infections were in Seoul but authorities did not say how many of those were linked directly to the call centre operated by an insurance company. Authorities say they are testing the 200 staff who worked on the floor where the first cases were discovered, while monitoring others in the centre's workforce of up to 800 people. More than 140 new infections were in the worst-hit city of Daegu, where the church is based, and the nearby province of North Gyeongsang. "There has been a stagnating trend in Daegu cases despite a slight increase today," said Yoon Tae-ho, director general for public health policy.  Reuters
WS5e683d6ba31012821727e0af	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e683d6ba31012821727e0af.html	2020-03-11	Central China province lowers coronavirus response level	A volunteer rides a bike to go to work in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, March 9, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] CHANGSHA - Central China's Hunan province, neighboring Hubei province, downgraded its emergency response toward the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak from level I to level II Tuesday, according to the provincial health commission. On Monday, the province reported zero new confirmed cases of the COVID-19, and nine patients were discharged from hospitals. As of Monday, the total confirmed cases in Hunan had reached 1,018 and 988 have been discharged from hospitals. On Jan 23, Hunan activated the highest level of public health emergency response to control the outbreak.
WS5e6833dfa310a2fabb7a2ce4	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e6833dfa310a2fabb7a2ce4.html	2020-03-11	Wuhan deserves our gratitude for its efforts to contain the coronavirus	A recent editorial in The Economist claimed, in late February, that it was still too early to tell whether the gains from the containment policy adopted in China in response to the new coronavirus epidemic were worth the price paid in economic and individual terms. In the immediately preceding paragraph, however, the same editorial said that, without these containment measures, China would have "registered many millions of cases and tens of thousands of deaths". Curiously, the Economist editorial did not seem to notice that it had answered its own rhetorical query before it was raised: The gains from China's remarkable use of containment measures have clearly, to date, outweighed the price. The assessments of infections avoided and lives saved set out in the editorial are supported by a medical-modeling estimate from the University of Hong Kong published in The Lancet, in the United Kingdom, in January. According to that computer-based modeling, the numbers infected in China could have risen to over 2 million without effective containment by early March. To get a feel for how a new influenza virus can spread widely and swiftly, we can usefully look at the outbreak of swine flu in the United States in 2009. Before we do so, we should be very clear about "virus identity". The 2009 swine flu virus, which swept around the globe, was not a "North American virus" - it was a grim, universal micro-organism without any racial identity. The virus behind the COVID-19 epidemic is, equally, a global pathogen without any ethnic personality. The first human-to-human outbreak of swine flu appears to have occurred in Mexico in late 2008. Early cases were identified in the US by April 2009. In the same month, the US Centers for Disease Control (CDC), arguably the premier disease control institution in the world, had categorized the new virus and understood how infectious it was. The virus was intensely studied and serious work toward creating a vaccine began. No drastic containment measures were implemented in the US at that time, however. According to the CDC, by April 2010, around 60 million - about 18 percent of the US population - were infected by swine flu and over 12,000 died. There were no significant border closures with the US over that period, and few restrictions were placed on travel into and out of America. The lower estimate said that some 700 million people were eventually infected with swine flu worldwide and the death estimates ranged upward from 150,000. Fortunately, the mortality rate was comparatively low. As China, this year, put in place the most extensive contact-tracing and quarantines the world has seen, various critics advised that the measures were draconian, a violation of human rights and ineffective. Moreover, they would have adverse economic and medical consequences. Too many critics imagined, usually from far away, that there was a clear choice between bad and good. In fact, the choice presented was far more difficult. It was, on a vast and novel scale, akin to the sort of medical emergency choices faced by hospital casualty departments on a daily basis. Very difficult priorities had to be worked out and applied urgently, under immense pressure and at great risk to the medical staff involved. There is now widespread agreement that China's decision to employ an "old style" quarantine (and trace) approach on an unprecedented scale has slowed the spread of novel coronavirus infections greatly, not just within China but across the world. This has since been verified by the World Health Organization. At the least, very valuable time has been bought for countries everywhere to make better response preparations. Today, without these quarantine measures, we would likely be witnessing a far greater uplift in the caseload on health systems globally, straining some to the breaking point. It's also generally acknowledged that most countries, including the US and other wealthy economies, are comparatively unprepared to deal with an epidemic outbreak. The vital window of opportunity may not, however, have been entirely well-used. A leading US epidemiologist, Marc Lipsitch, from Harvard University, very recently observed, in an interview with The New Yorker magazine, that the Chinese methods were more thorough than those being deployed in the US. Lamenting the lack of testing capacity in the US to find out what was really occurring, he said that "Our government's response was something like 1 percent - or less - than what China did." Suppose, though, that the Western critics had been heeded and the massive quarantine had not gone ahead. Based on those HKU modeling estimates, by this time China might have had over 2 million cases and up to 40,000 deaths - instead of around 80,000 cases and some 3,000 deaths. We can be confident that, had matters unfolded in this way, the dominant, mainstream media narrative would have been governed by observations about China not knowing what to do, Beijing incompetence and doing too little too late. A second wave of infections in China remains possible, of course. But already, thousands of lives have been saved and millions of likely infections have been avoided. Moreover, China is now better placed to deal with any second wave, having learned much from the initial wave. It is also in a stronger position to assist other jurisdictions fighting the spread of COVID-19 infections. Apart from the huge general economic cost, the human cost, within China, of coping with the COVID-19 epidemic has been colossal. There is the death toll itself plus disturbing numbers of doctors and nurses have died and more than 3,000 medical personnel have been infected fighting the virus. Then there is the immense sacrifice the people of Wuhan (and Hubei province) have been called upon to make as a result of the drastic lockdown aspect of the quarantine. Without the exceptional fortitude of the general population and the remarkable bravery and skills of those manning the medical front lines, this conspicuous level of containment could not have been achieved. A Canadian WHO expert, Dr Bruce Aylward, says that China's bold approach "has changed the course of a rapidly escalating and deadly epidemic." China and the world owe a great debt to Wuhan - and Hubei. It should not be forgotten. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.
WS5e681d33a31012821727df73	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e681d33a31012821727df73.html	2020-03-11	Health minister contracts novel coronavirus in UK	Nadine Dorries. A minister in the United Kingdom Department of Health has tested positive for novel coronavirus. Nadine Dorries, a Conservative MP and UK Minister for Patient Safety, Suicide Prevention and Mental Health, has announced that she is currently in voluntary quarantine at home. "I can confirm I have tested positive for coronavirus," she said in a statement. "As soon as I was informed I took all the advised precautions and have been self-isolating at home." Dorries said that Public Health England has started a tracing operation to confirm who she has recently come in contact with. According to The Times, which first reported her diagnosis, Dorries met hundreds of people in Parliament in the past week and attended a reception at No 10 with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Health Secretary Matt Hancock said Dorries has taken the right decision to self isolate at home. "We all wish her well as she recovers," said Hancock. "I understand why people are worried about this disease. We will do all we can to keep people safe, based on the best possible science."
WS5e68a875a31012821727e3f1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e68a875a31012821727e3f1.html	2020-03-11	WTO suspends meetings after staff member contracts coronavirus	  The WTO headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. [Photo/Xinhua] GENEVA - All meetings at the World Trade Organization (WTO) will be suspended until March 20 after a WTO staff member has been infected by COVID-19, the disease caused by coronavirus, WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo announced on Tuesday. "We take the health of Secretariat staff and our members very seriously, which is why we have taken this unprecedented step," explained Azevedo, adding that "we are monitoring the situation very closely and will take whatever measures are necessary to protect health and safety." He said that the suspension decision would be reviewed before the end of next week. The WTO said in a statement that it has a coronavirus Task Force in place to monitor developments and is taking all precautions necessary in response to the evolving situation.
WS5e685116a31012821727e211	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e685116a31012821727e211.html	2020-03-11	XI VOWS VICTORY OVER CORONAVIRUS IN WUHAN	President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday that prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak remains the top priority and most important task, even amid the recent positive signs. Xi, who is also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the remark during his inspection tour in the outbreak's epicenter, Wuhan, capital of Hubei province. The spread of the novel coronavirus has been basically curbed in Hubei and Wuhan, Xi said, adding that initial success has been made in stabilizing the situation and turning the tide in Hubei and Wuhan. Xi encouraged local residents and front-line workers to make firm, solid and meticulous prevention and control efforts to defend Hubei and Wuhan and resolutely fight for victory in the war against the disease. He praised local medical workers, medical teams from other provinces, People's Liberation Army commanders and soldiers, community workers, police officers, officials and volunteers for their bravery and hard work in the prevention and control of the disease. The positive trend in preventing and controlling the novel coronavirus outbreak could not have been achieved without the sacrifice, devotion, perseverance and hard efforts of the people of Wuhan, Xi said. With their concrete actions, Wuhan people have demonstrated the strength and spirit of China, as well as the Chinese people's love for the family and the nation, which enables them to stick together through thick and thin, Xi said. Calling Wuhan a heroic city and its people heroic people, Xi said they will be remembered in history for the final victory against the disease and the whole Party and nation are deeply moved by Wuhan people. On behalf of the CPC Central Committee, Xi extended greetings to the medical workers, the PLA commanders and soldiers, community workers, police officers, officials and volunteers. He also expressed sympathy to the patients, the family members of the patients and the victims, and expressed his condolences for those who lost their lives in the outbreak. Xi paid great attention to the local prevention and control work in Hubei, and he went straight to Huoshenshan Hospital immediately after his arrival in Wuhan on Tuesday morning. The hospital is a 1,000-bed temporary facility built in just 10 days to treat the patients. Xi learned about the hospital's operations, treatment of patients, protection for medical workers and scientific research. He complimented medical workers for their great contributions to the prevention and control of the disease in Wuhan. The military medical workers have remained faithful to the PLA's mission, answered the call rapidly and fought bravely against the disease, Xi said. The medical workers are the messengers of brightness and hope, and they are the most beautiful angels and real heroes, he added. Xi had a video talk with doctors and asked about their work and medical supplies. The front-line staff have worked hard and suffered unimaginable pressure both physically and mentally, Xi said, adding that they are the most lovely people in the new era. Xi urged the relevant authorities to guarantee the supply of protective materials and daily necessities, implement payment and subsidy policies, and take measures to protect medical workers' interests as soon as possible. From the very beginning of the outbreak, the CPC Central Committee has made clear that people's lives and health must be top priority, Xi said while having a video talk with some patients at the hospital. Among all the prevention and control measures taken by the CPC Central Committee, how to protect more people from being infected has always been the biggest concern, Xi said. He encouraged the patients to be confident in their recovery and wished that they would recover as soon as possible. While meeting with representatives of medical workers from Hubei, the military and other provinces at the hospital, Xi said that the spread of the disease has been basically curbed thanks to the efforts made by the whole Party, nation and society. Noting that the prevention and control efforts have entered a critical period, Xi told the medical workers to fight on. After leaving the hospital, Xi went to the Donghu Xincheng residential community and greeted people who were quarantined in their homes. He learned about the community's efforts in epidemic prevention and control and ensuring supplies of daily necessities. Xi also expressed his gratitude to community residents and front-line workers. Xi presided over a meeting on the prevention and control of the disease after he wrapped up his visit to the community. The CPC Central Committee has supported Hubei and Wuhan in taking the most comprehensive and strict measures to curb the spread of the disease since its outbreak, he said. Xi pointed out that medical treatment should be prioritized, and more efforts are needed to raise the recovery rate and lower the fatality rate. He stressed the importance of prevention of the disease, saying that the government should rely on the people, motivate the people and promote their ability to protect themselves. Xi called for more support for less developed regions lacking decent medical resources by introducing measures such as remote medical consultation. He also emphasized the importance of maintaining stability, saying that the government should understand and tolerate people who were quarantined for a long period. The elderly, children, poor families and disabled people deserve special attention, and their needs should be met in a timely manner, Xi said. The disease is going to have an impact on Hubei's socioeconomic development in the short run, but it will not affect the good economic foundation in the long term, Xi said, adding that economic production should be resumed step by step based on the principle of enhancing prevention and control. The disease is a big test of the country's governance system and capacity, Xi said, adding that the authorities should learn from these experiences to improve the governance system. CPC organizations at all levels and all Party members should stay true to their original aspirations, keep their mission in mind and shoulder their responsibilities in this big test, Xi said.           President Xi Jinping greets residents undergoing home quarantine in the Donghu Xincheng residential community during his inspection of Wuhan, Hubei province, on Tuesday. XIE HUANCHI/XINHUA     Xi learns about measures taken in the residential community to deliver vegetables and other daily necessities to residents. PANG XINGLEI/XINHUA     President Xi Jinping, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, learns about Huoshenshan Hospital's operations, treatment of patients and protection for medical workers as well as scientific research at the hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Tuesday. XIE HUANCHI/XINHUA    
WS5e683d99a310a2fabb7a2d37	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/11/WS5e683d99a310a2fabb7a2d37.html	2020-03-11	IMF calls for bold action on coronavirus	The International Monetary Fund on Monday called for a coordinated international response to blunt the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak, while a former chief economist at the World Bank called for the urgent establishment of a global task force to deal with the health crisis. "Considering the epidemic's broad reach across many countries, the extensive cross-border economic linkages, as well as the large confidence effects impacting economic activity and financial and commodity markets, the argument for a coordinated, international response is clear," said Gita Gopinath, IMF chief economist, on Monday. The widening epidemic has killed at least 4,000 people worldwide. It has caused both supply and demand shocks, rattled investors and pummeled stock markets, and as seen in recent days, borrowing costs can rise and financial conditions tighten, Gopinath said in a blog post. "And when these shocks are synchronized across many countries, the effects can be further amplified through international trade and financial linkages, dampening global activity and pushing commodity prices down," she said. Kristalina Georgieva, chief of the 189-member global lender, last week said the coronavirus outbreak had affected more than a third of the IMF's membership directly. It predicted the global economic growth to be below last year's level of 2.9 percent. Considering the "particularly acute shocks" in specific sectors, policymakers will need to implement substantial targeted fiscal, monetary and financial market measures to help affected households and businesses, Gopinath said. Such measures include cash transfers, wage subsidies, tax relief and unemployment insurance, as well as policy rate cuts by central banks. China, for example, has temporarily waived social security contributions for businesses, she said in the post. US President Donald Trump said on Monday that his administration will ask Congress to pass payroll tax relief and other quick measures to help reduce the economic impact of a spreading coronavirus outbreak as the number of confirmed cases in the United States hit 700. "We'll be discussing a possible payroll tax cut or relief, substantial relief, very substantial relief, that's a big number," Trump said at a White House coronavirus task force news conference. But while several countries have taken steps to cushion the blow to their economies and boost confidence, there has been "little visible coordination" among policymakers like there was at the height of the 2008 global financial crisis, Agence France-Presse reported on Monday. Policy response More than rate cuts, the coronavirus demands a coordinated global policy response, argued Kaushik Basu, former chief economist of the World Bank. "The number of daily new cases of the COVID-19 coronavirus are finally declining in China. But the number is increasing in the rest of the world, from South Korea to Iran to Italy," he wrote in an op-ed Sunday. "However the epidemic unfolds－even if it is soon brought under control globally－it is likely to do much more economic damage than policy makers seem to realize," the professor of economics at Cornell University wrote. Already, the US Federal Reserve has cut interest rates by half a percentage point－its largest single cut in more than a decade, but the move, without other supporting policies, seemed only to confuse stock markets further; just minutes after the cut, stocks continued their downward slide, Basu noted. Basu proposed that a multilateral organization such as the World Bank or the IMF should urgently establish a task force comprising 20 economists with diverse specialties, as well as experts in health and geopolitics, to analyze and coordinate actions against the crisis. The group would need to submit its first report－with a list of initial actions to be taken by governments and, possibly, responsible private corporations－within a month, and provide updates on a monthly basis until effective policies take root, Basu said, adding that it could be disbanded in perhaps a year. huanxinzhao@chinadailyusa.com  
WS5e677f24a31012821727defc	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e677f24a31012821727defc.html	2020-03-10	Coronavirus doesn't get in the way of poverty alleviation	Villagers learn flower planting skills at Gaojiu village, Xinghua township of Rongjiang county in Southwest China's Guizhou province on March 8, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] One-third of the 350,000 planned poverty alleviation projects this year in 22 provinces in central and western China has started operation, a senior official with the State Council Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development said on Tuesday. The novel coronavirus epidemic has affected the resumption of production and work of enterprises and poverty alleviation projects to some extent, said Huang Yan, director of the office's Planning and Finance Division. However, with the epidemic under control, 113,000 poverty alleviation projects in the 22 provinces have kicked off, she said. The office has required that projects with favorable conditions should start construction promptly, and projects that cannot start immediately should conduct other work, such as preliminary design and review, Huang said. Huang noted the office will subsidize affected poverty alleviation-related industries and enterprises. One-time allowances and loan interest subsidies also will be provided to the leading poverty alleviation enterprises and workshops that strive to overcome the impact of the epidemic and offer jobs to the poor, Huang said.
WS5e677c0aa31012821727def9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e677c0aa31012821727def9.html	2020-03-10	Coronavirus carrier returns to Hangzhou	An information board for travellers about the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) is displayed at Nice international airport, France, March 9, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] A Chinese male who arrived in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, via Beijing on Thursday from Paris, France, showed no symptoms, such as fever or cough, but he tested positive for the novel coronavirus, local authorities said on Tuesday. The man, concerned about his health because the infection is spreading rapidly in France, requested a nose and throat swab test. France has reported 1,412 cases and 30 deaths so far. He was carrying the virus but because of the lack of symptoms was not classified as a confirmed or suspected case of pneumonia, or COVID-19, according to the Hangzhou Center for Disease Control and Prevention. He is being quarantined for 14 days. Hangzhou had reported no new confirmed COVID-19 cases for 19 consecutive days as of Tuesday.
WS5e677bc6a31012821727def7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e677bc6a31012821727def7.html	2020-03-10	SARS-like coronavirus could jump from bats to humans in future: Scientist	A researcher does a nucleic acid test at the KingMed Diagnostics, a company commissioned to do coronavirus infection test in Wuhan, on March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for the COVID-19 epidemic, has been proved to come from nature, but there is a chance that a similar SARS-like coronavirus from bats would jump species and possibly infect humans, a Chinese scientist said. The PRRA gene that some suspected was genetically engineered into the novel coronavirus also was found to exist in other bat-carrying coronaviruses, Shi Zhengli, a noted coronavirus expert and a researcher from the Institute of Virology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said in an online lecture on Monday. The World Health Organization said in a situation report last month that the novel coronavirus' genetic sequence was 96 percent identical to the SARS-like coronavirus strain BatCov RaTG13 that originated from bats. As a result, scientists believed bats to be the natural carrier of the new virus, but the intermediary hosts between bats and humans are still being investigated. After reports of a viral outbreak broke in late December, Shi said, the Huanan Seafood Market, a wet market that experts speculated to be the source of the virus, was closed and that prevented scientists from collecting important samples directly from the wild animals. So scientists have been relying on secondhand information, such as which animals confirmed patients said they had been in contact with, and what was being sold in the market. But these approaches are inherently inconclusive, and scientists may have to venture into natural bat habitats, such as caves in Southwest China's Yunnan province, to find the true source, like they did for the SARS virus back in 2016, she said. As for whether a similar coronavirus outbreak could occur in the future, Shi said they found that people who are in close contact with bats have antibodies in their system against bat-carrying SARS-like coronaviruses. These people are healthy and showed no symptoms of infections. This means that it is possible for humans to attract coronavirus directly from bats, but the chance is relatively low as their immune system could handle the pathogen, she said. However, Shi stressed that the SARS-like coronaviruses are the most infectious of the 12 types of bat-carrying coronaviruses that her team has studied.
WS5e67708da31012821727deeb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e67708da31012821727deeb.html	2020-03-10	Xi in Wuhan vows victory over coronavirus	President Xi Jinping speaks at Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] WUHAN - Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday vowed to resolutely fight for a victory in the war against the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) during his inspection in the outbreak epicenter Wuhan, central China's Hubei province. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, called for firm, solid and meticulous prevention and control efforts to defend Hubei and Wuhan. Xi said after hard work, the situation in Hubei and Wuhan has shown positive changes with important progress, but the prevention and control task remains arduous. Xi stressed continuing to take epidemic prevention and control as a task of paramount importance. Xi also said the positive trend in preventing and controlling the COVID-19 could not have been won without the sacrifice, devotion, perseverance and hard efforts of the people of Wuhan. With their concrete actions, Wuhan people have demonstrated the strength and spirit of China, as well as the Chinese people's love for the family and the nation, which enables them to stick together through thick and thin, Xi said. President Xi Jinping learns about Huoshenshan Hospital's operations, treatment of patients, protection for medical workers and scientific research after arriving in Wuhan, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] President Xi Jinping learns about Huoshenshan Hospital's operations, treatment of patients, protection for medical workers and scientific research after arriving in Wuhan, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] President Xi Jinping speaks at Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] President Xi Jinping learns about Huoshenshan Hospital's operations, treatment of patients, protection for medical workers and scientific research after arriving in Wuhan, March 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e67439fa31012821727de0b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e67439fa31012821727de0b.html	2020-03-10	Lenovo chairman donates 10 million yuan for novel coronavirus research	Yang Yuanqing, Lenovo chairman and CEO. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Yang Yuanqing, chairman and CEO of Chinese tech giant Lenovo Group Ltd, has donated 10 million yuan ($1.44 million) to the University of Science and Technology of China to help the instiution's scientific research on the novel coronavirus. Yang, an alumnus of the university, said "In just over a month, the University of Science and Technology of China has made exciting achievements in basic scientific research, clinical research and clinical treatment coordination (for the novel coronavirus). It has provided strong scientific and technological support for the prevention and control of the epidemic." "I hope this donation can create better scientific research conditions for the research workers fighting on the front line, speed up scientific and technological research and help win the battle against the epidemic," Yang said.
WS5e673ab8a31012821727ddd4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e673ab8a31012821727ddd4.html	2020-03-10	Six provincial-level regions clear of coronavirus	A cured patient (R) expresses his gratitude to medical staff at the Third People's Hospital of Tibet, in Lhasa, capital of Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, Feb 12, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Five Chinese provinces and autonomous regions and the Macao Special Administrative Region were declared clear of coronavirus cases, as of Sunday. All patients with confirmed cases in Anhui, Fujian and Qinghai provinces, and in the Tibet and Xinjiang Uygur autonomous regions and Macao had recovered and were discharged from hospitals. Tibet was the first area in the country to be declared free of the contagion. Its sole coronavirus patient had recovered and was discharged from the hospital on Feb 12 after being treated for 18 days. The final two confirmed patients Qinghai province had recovered and were discharged on Feb 21. In addition, Qinghai removed 437 people from medical observation who had had contact with infected people, and all people quarantined were released. On Saturday the provincial health commission in Fujian announced that the province was clear of the novel coronavirus pneumonia, or COVID-19. Of the 296 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Fujian, 295 had recovered. One person had died. Meanwhile, the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region and Anhui province reported the discharges of their last patients on Sunday. Of Anhui's total 990 confirmed cases, 984 had recovered and were discharged; six people had died. In the Macao SAR, the last patient was discharged on Friday from the hospital after recovery. As of Sunday, no new confirmed or suspected cases had been reported in the region in 33 days.
WS5e66f696a31012821727dc41	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e66f696a31012821727dc41.html	2020-03-10	French minister of culture tests positive for coronavirus: media	French Culture Minister Franck Riester. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS - French Minister of Culture Franck Riester has tested positive for coronavirus but is in good condition at home, reported BFM television Monday evening. The minister last week attended several debate sessions at the National Assembly where several coronavirus positive cases have been confirmed these days, said the TV channel. France has confirmed 1,412 cases of coronavirus infection and 25 patients have died of the virus as of 3 pm (1400 GMT) Monday, according to figures announced by the Ministry of Health.
WS5e66f637a31012821727dc31	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e66f637a31012821727dc31.html	2020-03-10	Panama's health ministry confirms first coronavirus case	PANAMA CITY - A 40-year-old woman in Panama has tested positive for coronavirus, the country's health minister said on Monday, marking the first such case in the Central American nation. The unnamed woman had traveled from Spain and upon arriving to Panama on Monday sought hospital care for fever and a cough, Health Minister Rosario Turner told reporters, adding that the government wanted to be transparent about the case. The woman, whose nationality was not disclosed and is believed to have a relatively minor case of the illness, has since been sent home in stable condition, the minister added. "She has what we could describe as a minor case of coronavirus," said Turner.  Reuters
WS5e66ee22a31012821727db95	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e66ee22a31012821727db95.html	2020-03-10	Fifth patient dies in UK from novel coronavirus	Commuters walk through Canary Wharf in London on Monday as the number of novel coronavirus cases grow around the world and as European stocks plunge into bear market territory. [Photo/Agencies] The death toll from novel coronavirus in the United Kingdom reached five on Monday when two more patients, both in their 70s and with existing health problems, died, at Royal Wolverhampton Hospital and St Helier Hospital in South London respectively. These followed news that a man in his 60s, who also had pre-existing health problems and who had recently returned from Italy, died at North Manchester General Hospital on Sunday. According to official government figures, as of 9am on Monday the UK had 319 confirmed cases, up 47 on the figure from 24 hours earlier. On Monday, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson chaired a COBRA meeting as the country continued to assess its response to the spread of the novel coronavirus, after which Health Secretary Matt Hancock updated members of Parliament. "We are not at this stage proposing the cancelation of mass events because we are following the scientific advice that that is not what is proposed at this stage," he said in the House of Commons. "What we are saying from a government point of view is you should follow public health advice, if you are returning from an affected area and you have symptoms, you should stay at home which of course means home working." Speaking on the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire show earlier, Sergio Brusin from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control said "the UK is in the same situation Italy was two weeks ago", adding that the country had only a "few days" to put measures in place to prevent an outbreak on a similar scale. Italy has been hit by a wave of prison riots as restrictions on movement caused by the impact of the novel coronavirus prevented inmates receiving visitors. A riot and fire at Modena prison on Sunday left six people dead and by Monday lunchtime the BBC's Rome correspondent Mark Lowen reported there had been incidents at 27 jails nationwide. All 20 regions of Italy have now been affected by the virus and as of Monday afternoon the total number of infections stood at 9,172, with a death toll of 463, the highest of any country apart from China. Cinemas and museums have been shut down, and restaurants are subject to limited opening hours, with customers having to sit at least one meter apart. Even weddings and funerals have been suspended. On Sunday, the tightest restrictions on internal movement seen since World War II were introduced, with up to 16 million people in regions of the north of the country that include the economic powerhouse of Milan and popular tourist destination of Venice needing permission to travel. People breaking curfew face up to three months in jail, and two youths attempting to leave Parma, in the restricted area, to catch a flight from Bologna, outside it, were detained by police. Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte has said the country will overcome the crisis as long as people follow the rules, and even invoked the spirit of British World War II leader Winston Churchill. "These days, I have been thinking about the old speeches of Churchill — it is our darkest hour, but we will make it," he told La Repubblica newspaper. Two more deaths have been reported in Germany, and France, which has had more than 1,100 cases and 19 fatalities, has now banned gatherings of more than 1,000 people. Five members of the French National Assembly have tested positive. European Union Council President Charles Michel said a conference call of European leaders will take place soon to discuss a coordinated response to the outbreak. French President Emmanuel Macron echoed his sentiments, tweeting: "To deal with COVID-19, unity is strength … I call on our European partners to act urgently to coordinate health measures, research efforts and our economic response." The BBC reported that Sweden appeared to have its first localized case of novel coronavirus, meaning someone with no clear link to other infected patients or who had not traveled overseas. In Ireland, major public events to mark St Patrick's Day on March 17 have been cancelled and Prime Minister Leo Varadkar has announced he will curtail his traditional St Patrick's Day visit to the United States, abandoning a visit to New York. The International Olympic Committee confirmed that Thursday's lighting of the Olympic torch at Olympia in Greece, for the Tokyo Summer Olympic games, will take place without spectators.
WS5e66e9bca31012821727db2b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e66e9bca31012821727db2b.html	2020-03-10	Latest numbers on the novel coronavirus	A recovering pneumonia patient gives a thumbs-up to medical workers at Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital. [GAO XIANG/FOR CHINA DAILY] New infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland numbered 19 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of infections to 80,754, the National Health Commission announced on Tuesday. Of those new infections, 17 were reported in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province and  center of the epidemic. The other two infections were found in Beijing and Guangdong province. Both were imported from other virus-hit countries. As of Monday at midnight, the commission reported 17 new deaths, bringing the total to 3,136. All  new deaths were in Hubei, according to the commission. Of them, 16 were reported in Wuhan. Another 36 new suspected cases have been reported, the commission said. On the same day, a total of 1,297 people were discharged from hospitals after recovery. The commission added the number of patients in severe condition had been reduced by 317 over the past 24 hours. It also revealed 675,338 close contacts had been traced. On Monday, 4,148 were discharged from medical observation. Another 16,982 close contacts are still under observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 170 confirmed cases, with three deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, according to the commission. In Hubei, the total confirmed cases reached 67,760 as of Monday at midnight. Of these, about three quarters were reported in Wuhan. The province has seen a total death toll of 3,024. It also reported 1,152 new recovery cases in the province on the same day. A total of 4,701 patients are still in severe condition.
WS5e66e6f7a31012821727daec	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e66e6f7a31012821727daec.html	2020-03-10	Coronavirus-stricken Grand Princess docks at Oakland Port, California	The cruise ship Grand Princess docks at the Port of Oakland as authorities prepare for passenger debarkation after 21 people on board have tested positive for the COVID-19 coronavirus in Oakland, California, US March 9, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SAN FRANCISCO - The Grand Princess cruise ship that carries thousands of people, including 21 coronavirus patients, docked at the Port of Oakland Monday after being held off at sea for days. The ship, with more than 3,500 passengers and crew members aboard, sailed through the iconic Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco around noon Monday and arrived at Oakland, where the passengers will disembark and the crew members will remain quarantined on board the ship. Authorities said the disembarkation process is expected to take several days. Officials said passengers with immediate medical needs and those experiencing symptoms or testing positive for the coronavirus will disembark first. They will be followed by other passengers from California and other US states. California Governor Gavin Newsom said earlier that most of the nearly 1,000 California passengers will be quarantined at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield, Northern California, while others will be sent to a military base in San Diego for a mandatory 14-day quarantine. The cruise ship, which was originally scheduled to return to San Francisco, has been barred from docking at the Port of San Francisco after 21 people, including 19 crew members and two passengers, tested positive for the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Of those aboard the vessel, 46 had been tested after testing kits were airlifted to the ship Thursday. Words of the ship arrival at Oakland caused some fears among local residents as some alleged the passengers from the ship would be quarantined at a hotel in the city of Oakland. However, Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf reassured the public about their safety in a tweet Sunday, and defended the state government's decision to offload the passengers in Oakland. "Oakland's role in this operation is to support our state and federal authorities as they conduct a critical public health mission to help those impacted by the COVID-19 virus," Schaaf said. She stressed that "no one will be quarantined in Oakland, nor will any passengers be released into the general public." According to the Chinese Consulate General in San Francisco, 20 Chinese nationals are on the Grand Princess cruise ship, including 11 crew members and nine passengers. The cruise ship is linked to the first coronavirus-related death in California.
WS5e66d533a31012821727da5a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/10/WS5e66d533a31012821727da5a.html	2020-03-10	Like coronavirus, life and relationships are a mystery	Life in the time of COVID-19 has highlighted everything that we may tend to take for granted in the normal course. Two unrelated facts: I'm a vegetarian; I'm single. Which means, I tend to eat out often. Since late January, I've direly felt the absence of two neighborhood restaurants in my life. They are yet to reopen. How I miss their friendly workers, especially the chefs! I've been a loyal customer for more than four years. We don't even know each other's names, but we know each other, in a sense. The chefs know exactly how to customize Chinese meals with my homemade mix of Indian spices. Hope they are safe wherever they are. I can't wait for their return. The office canteen staff have been angels. The rare presence of some colleagues forced by recent circumstances to eat in the canteen, underscores how critical food, food supplies, food staff and food facilities are to our urban life. So are the apartment maintenance staff. On one occasion, lights conked out. The water heating system malfunctioned next. Real scares, given the virus-winter. Might replacement and repair services be a problem? Within minutes of reporting the problems, the handymen, wearing face masks, materialized and did the needful. Huge relief, just like the delivery of drinking water jars on no more than a one-line WeChat text. Maids have been disallowed entry into residential buildings. I double up as a homemaker now. I realize what a big help she has been all this time. Familiar sights and sounds are integral to our experience of everyday life. For instance, the busy-busy bakery-cafe across our office street has reopened, but it's no longer crowded like before. Some residents have begun walking their pets, particularly dogs, but the mostly deserted sidewalks appear to be messier now. In the pre-COVID-19 time, female university scholars and young professionals in the 20-35 age group were relatively more chirpy, chummy－uninhibitedly clasping hands, touching heads, leaning on each other, hugging, or pecking on the cheek. My interpretation was that this newfound young female physical contact (and the laughs and happy sounds it used to produce) is a celebration of emancipation, the evolution of same-gender friendship, some sort of freedom (from/to what I know not). Now, I wonder if this touch-feel female bonding would ever return in the post-virus phase. Grandparents no longer bring their little grandchildren in strollers to the neighborhood university campus. It's been a while since I noticed the impressive and unbelievably formal change-of-guard drill of building security guards, and the loud end-of-business-day team-gatherings of salon workers outside their shops. But it's not all gloom and doom. On the brighter side, the epidemic created time for reflections on existential issues. In this cosmos, we homo sapiens are perhaps insignificant? We can catapult satellites beyond the solar system, build mega-structures in a jiffy, invent designer lifeforms like xenobots, swim or sprint unimaginably; but, we still don't quite understand viruses. Nor can we manufacture vaccines overnight, even when our very existence could be at stake. COVID-19 has reinforced the importance of humility, and the need to restrain ourselves from getting ahead of ourselves. Online images of disaster dishes that some urban working women prepared in their kitchens (after being forced by the rampant virus to stay indoors) were hilarious, and raise a question: have some of us lost survival-related abilities like cooking? Are we spoiled by e-commerce and the services sector? Strangely, those we consider loved ones, bosom pals, childhood chums and close colleagues may go off radar when we would expect them to enquire about our well-being. But equally hearteningly, others we seldom keep in touch with fade into our lives suddenly, miraculously, full of concern, well-meaning advice and love. Much like the novel coronavirus, life and relationships are a deep mystery indeed. Contact the writer at siva@chinadaily.com.cn
WS5e665fb5a31012821727d99d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e665fb5a31012821727d99d.html	2020-03-09	Egypt records first coronavirus death in Africa	Egypt's health ministry said that a German man died in the country due to the coronavirus. It is the first confirmed death on the African continent linked to the virus. According to a statement that was posted on Facebook, Egypt's health ministry said on Sunday that the 60-year-old year man arrived from Germany one week ago. After visiting Luxor in Egypt, he traveled to the Red Sea resort of Hurghada. He was hospitalized there after developing a fever. The ministry added that the man refused to be moved into isolation and died of respiratory failure. The hospital was sterilized and sanitized after his death, in keeping with World Health Organization guidelines. Egypt has reported 55 coronavirus cases, most of which are linked to an outbreak on a Nile cruise ship in Luxor. Hala Zayed, Egypt's health minister, told the media on Saturday that 33 new cases were recorded aboard the cruise ship on the Nile River in Luxor, southern Egypt. Egypt currently has the highest number of coronavirus cases in Africa followed by Algeria. According to the Africa Center for Disease Control, or Africa CDC, Algeria has 20 cases, Senegal has fourcases, South Africa has three cases, Morocco, Nigeria, Tunisia and Cameroon have two cases each and Togo has one case.
WS5e662f21a31012821727d969	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e662f21a31012821727d969.html	2020-03-09	More than 1,000 recovered coronavirus patients donate plasma	Cheng Lin donates her plasma at the Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] More than 1,000 recovered patients of the novel coronavirus from across the Chinese mainland had donated plasma as of 6 pm Sunday to save patients battling the disease, the Red Cross Society of China said on Monday. A total of 1,097 patients who recovered from COVID-19 in 30 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions had donated a total of 355,550 milliliters of plasma, including 591 patients from Central China's Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, the society told China Daily. In February, the National Health Commission and the society jointly released a notice encouraging patients who have recovered from COVID-19 to donate plasma to help save other patients. An effective drug is unavailable to cure the highly infectious disease, and convalescent plasma has been authorized by the National Health Commission as an option for treatment. Similar methods, using antibodies in the plasma of recovered patients to fight a virus, were used to treat patients during the severe acute respiratory syndrome epidemic in 2003.
WS5e6605d0a31012821727d8fb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e6605d0a31012821727d8fb.html	2020-03-09	China shifting to prevent imported coronavirus	Zhong Nanshan in this file photo. [Photo/Xinhua] The global outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia will last at least until June, according to an expert, and the emphasis of China's fight will shift toward preventing the imported infections in the months to come. Renowned respiratory expert Zhong Nanshan, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, urged Guangdong province, a major manufacturing center, to introduce more effective measures to prevent the deadly disease from being imported into the province in the months ahead. "Guangdong has a large number of international events and exchanges and therefore should strengthen border inspection measures and introduce necessary isolation measures for people who arrive from the countries and regions hit by the epidemic," Zhong said during an online forum on Monday. "Meanwhile Guangdong may provide support to the foreign countries and regions where the epidemic has struck hardest, including offering them protection, reagents and treatment technologies in the future." As of Sunday, Guangdong's population of more than 115 million has had a total of 1,352 confirmed cases of COVID-19. Of those, 1,260 have recovered and have been discharged from hospitals.
WS5e659f0fa31012821727d565	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e659f0fa31012821727d565.html	2020-03-09	South Korea reports 96 new coronavirus cases, total 7,478	Medical workers in protective gears walk into a hospital facility to treat coronavirus patients amid the rise in confirmed cases of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Daegu, South Korea, March 8, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea reported 96 new coronavirus cases on Monday, taking the country's total infections to 7,478, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. The updated numbers added to the 69 recorded earlier in the day, showing the rate of increase slowed to its lowest in 11 days.  Thirty-six more patients were discharged from quarantine after making full recovery, raising the combined number to 166. The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) has updated the data twice a day at 10:00 am and 5:00 pm local time. The virus infection soared for the past 19 days, with 7,351 new cases reported from Feb. 19 to March 8. The country has raised its four-tier virus alert to the highest "red" level. The total number of infections in Daegu, about 300 km southeast of Seoul, and its surrounding North Gyeongsang province increased to 5,571 and 1,107 respectively. It accounted for about 90 percent of the total. Daegu became the epicenter of the viral spread here as the biggest cluster of infections was found in the metropolis with a 2.5 million population. Daegu has been designated by the government as a "special care zone." The Daegu cluster was closely linked to the church services of a homegrown minor religious sect, called Sincheonji, in Daegu. Members of the sect are known to sit on the floor closely side by side during church services. Since Jan 3, the country has tested more than 196,000 people, among whom 171,778 tested negative for the virus and 17,458 were being checked. Reuters/Xinhua
WS5e65eaaba31012821727d869	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65eaaba31012821727d869.html	2020-03-09	Los Angeles Marathon held despite coronavirus concerns	Athletes start to race at 2020 Los Angeles Marathon in Los Angeles, the United States, March 8, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] LOS ANGELES -- The 35th Los Angeles Marathon was held Sunday with a record 27,150 entrants, despite some local residents' suggestion that this kind of large public events should be suspended due to coronavirus concerns. The Los Angeles County declared a state of emergency over the disease earlier this week, but Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti insisted that there is no reason to cancel marathon or other events so far. Los Angeles City Council Member Mike Bonin on Friday questioned the decision to run the race, saying on Twitter that "This is a big popular event, but I remain concerned & don't think it's worth the risk." Special measures have been taken by the race's organizers and local public health department. Entries from runners with a mailing address in China, Italy, South Korea and Iran were deferred to the 2021 race, according to Murphy Reinschreiber, chief operating officer of the McCourt Foundation, one of the organizers. The organizers also increased the number of hand sanitizer stations at the starting line at Dodger Stadium, along the running course and the finish festival in Santa Monica. Local public health department recommended that runners wash their hands or use hand sanitizer before the start of the race, do not shake hands with other participants or the public along the course, do not share water or food with other runners, and frequently use hand sanitizer provided along the course. Meanwhile, the department recommended that spectators sick with even mild illness remain at home. Spectators were advised to engage in "social distancing," or at least six feet away from other people who are not family members or friends. Spectators were also advised not to share food or water bottles, to avoid shaking hands, and to frequently wash hands or use hand sanitizer with at least 60 percent alcohol, particularly before eating, after using the restroom and after blowing their nose, coughing or sneezing.
WS5e65dcaaa31012821727d781	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65dcaaa31012821727d781.html	2020-03-09	Supercomputer joins fight against coronavirus	An English version of a widely used CT scan analysis system powered by artificial intelligence was fired up last week by the National Supercomputer Center in Tianjin. It will aid in treating patients with pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus. The center teamed up with Tianjin Medical University Cancer Hospital and other domestic hospitals and institutions to build an AI assistance system over the past few month for analyzing CT (computed tomography) images of the novel coronavirus pneumonia. The Chinese version was released in February. The launch of the English version aims to maximize the effectiveness of the platform and help international medical and scientific research teams in need. The system has been tested and adopted by hundreds of experts from over 50 research and development institutions worldwide and from over 30 hospitals nationwide, based on the Tianhe Integrated Artificial Intelligence Innovation Platform developed using China's Tianhe supercomputer at the National Supercomputer Center in Tianjin's Binhai New Area. The first-time accuracy of the system in confirming the presence of the coronavirus has been praised by front-line doctors. Early this month, the research and development team carried out training for the AI system nationwide in a bid to further optimize and improve its accuracy and reliability. It is a powerful tool in evaluating CT images of suspected cases of the novel coronavirus pneumonia. Other institutions involved in the project include the National Society of Artificial Intelligence in Oncology (part of the China Anti-Cancer Association) and the Professional Committee of Smart Medicine under the Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence. Find more on the English version of the CT evaluation platform at https://ai.nscc-tj.cn/thai/deploy/public/pneumonia_ct.
WS5e65b96aa31012821727d6e4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65b96aa31012821727d6e4.html	2020-03-09	Are coronavirus fears being over-hyped by the media?	Almost-empty shelves are seen at a supermarket in Villeneuve-la-Garenne, Paris, France, on March 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] It seemed like a long time ago when the term "coronavirus" was first splashed across the news in early 2020. Since the current outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease, officially known as COVID-19, was first reported from Wuhan, China, in December 2019, the disease has been a dominating headline in media around the world. In the U.K., even Brexit, which has governed the news channels for years, has been muted, overshadowed by broadcasts of health officials advising people on how to wash their hands properly. As media hype about the disease intensifies, retailers around the world are making moves to ration toilet paper and pharmacies are selling out of hand sanitizers. As consumers frantically stockpile, supermarkets draw up "feed the nation" contingency plans that would help communities cope should there be a sudden escalation of the outbreak. The virus is spreading quickly, with more than 93,000 people around the world known to be infected. Around 20% of confirmed cases are classed as critical or severe, with almost 3,200 deaths recorded, standing the coronavirus death rate, as the BBC reports, at between 2% and 5%. The spread of the COVID-19 and fears of the virus becoming pandemic are being relentlessly reported in all forms of international media, offline and online. Barely a news broadcast goes by without health experts commenting on the virality of the disease, heeding warnings about its spread, and offering advice about how to thwart a well-hyped "imminent" pandemic. Are the relentless dominance of the coronavirus story in the media and the alarmist rhetoric of the stories fueling panic and anxiety about the disease and, consequently, feeding racist reaction towards Asian people? A new disease of unknown territories Syra Madad, senior director of the special pathogens program for the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation, voiced the sentiment that the COVID-19 fears are being overhyped. Speaking to Fox News, Dr. Madad noted how the "newness" of coronavirus is escalating fears. "One of the reasons why there is obviously so much fear and anxiety is because it's new, and no one likes new," she said. She added how the disease should be put into context, with other existing diseases proving significantly more fatal and common than the novel coronavirus. "Right now in the northern hemisphere, it's still peak flu season time… There's already been 32 million Americans, at the minimum, that have been infected with seasonal flu over a period of just a few months." Out of the 32 million flu infections, at least 18,000 deaths have been recorded in the US so far this year. Outside Wuhan, the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak, the fatality rate of the disease is just 0.7%, significantly less than the 2% - 5% fatality rate circulating much of the media. When compared to Ebola, for example, which has a fatality rate of 90%, the death-toll of the COVID-19 is significantly marginal. Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Liberia were the three countries that bore the brunt of the Ebola epidemic, which plagued West Africa from 2014 to 2016. As well as the thousands of lives that were lost to what is a treatable disease because of a collapsed medical system, the Ebola outbreak brought a number of highly deliberating knock-on implications to these countries, namely hysteria, mob violence, and economic ruin. It could be argued that with the intense media coverage, hype, and panic about the novel coronavirus, lessons have not been learned from the Ebola outbreak, with similar hysteria and exile being showered on China. Language of fear stokes prejudice The language being used in the media to describe the outbreak is undoubtedly contributing to the mass hysteria about the disease. For example, headlines like "Find the hidden virus carriers," "Virus explosion…. epidemic likely," and other fear-mongering phrases like "public health emergency" are stoking panic and leading to discriminatory behavior and prejudice being shown towards China and Asia. A shocking example of such prejudice occurred in London recently, when a young student from Singapore was beaten up by a gang who goaded him about the novel coronavirus. In what was clearly a racially motivated attack, 23-year-old Jonathan Mok was beaten, as his attackers told him, "I don't want your coronavirus in my country." The case isn't isolated to the U.K. In France, a movement has been circulating social media called #JeNeSuisPasUnVirus #IAmNotAVirus, which reflects the hostility being shown towards Chinese people as media-induced mass hysteria continues around the disease. While the media has a duty to report about issues related to public health, it is well-established that news coverage can have a significant impact on people's behavior. In the case of the novel coronavirus outbreak, the ongoing domination of the story in the media that is littered with alarmist rhetoric and misinformation is arguably escalating tensions and creating an epidemic of hostility towards China.
WS5e65b96ba31012821727d6e7	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65b96ba31012821727d6e7.html	2020-03-09	Gather unified strength to defeat coronavirus	Staff members take the temperature of a passenger at the Terminal 2 of Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, March 7, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China is demonstrating to the world its powerful spirit in its fight against the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic. The goggles-covered eyes of the medics are full of dedication, despite the skin creases and sore marks left on their faces. Community workers and volunteers are also running between residential complexes in the cities to contribute their power. These scenes, emotional and shocking, will be remembered by history. Such powerful spirit released amid the epidemic is encouraging both the nation and the world. "They all shared this sense of responsibility, accountability to be part of this," said Bruce Aylward, Assistant Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO). As the team lead of a WHO-China joint mission on COVID-19, he shared what he saw in China, offering images of a true China in the battle against the disease. He told the story of some Chinese medical staff dropping off in the meetings with the joint mission because of the exhausting work, and said every person in the country has a sense that they're mobilized, like in a war against this virus. He believes it is Chinese people's resilience and dedication that have largely contained the spread of the virus. What the WHO expert captured in China is exactly the spirit of the Chinese nation. When reporting the positive effects of the lockdown of epicenter Wuhan, Hubei province to prevent further spread, a recent Bloomberg report noted that "the idea of sacrificing one's self for a greater, national goal is deeply-embedded in Chinese culture." It coincides with the remarks of Aylward, who described Wuhan as a ghost town, but said behind every window and every skyscraper, there were people cooperating with response. From the exhausted medical staff who can drop off anywhere at any time, to the constructors racing against time for the early completion of the Huoshenshan and Leishenshan makeshift hospitals, and from the community worker who hung bags of medicines on his body on the way to deliver them to the residents, to the volunteers who work in shifts to guarantee the transportation of supplies and shuttle the medics, these ordinary people, from thousands of families, have rushed to the front line of the battle with extreme selflessness. Their lofty aspiration for the country exactly carries the connotation of the shared destiny. Chinese people have made arduous efforts, and the nation has always stayed optimistic and resilient, and carried a conviction that it will achieve the final victory over the epidemic. At the Fang Cang makeshift hospitals in Wuhan, patients and medical staff encouraged each other, and the latter even danced with the discharged patients. No one knows how many sweats and tears were behind such optimism, but it is these tough people who are never defeated by hardships that make China stand sturdily in the world. United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres remarked that the Chinese are making efforts for humanity. These efforts could not have been made without the toughness of the Chinese people. Tiny glows would gather a galaxy as long as every one makes contribution. The heroes going in harm's way, the volunteers serving the people, the police officers at every checkpoint, the overseas Chinese donating supplies through chartered flights, and the Chinese medical experts flying to other affected countries to offer assistance, millions of Chinese are glowing in this war without gunfire, forming a united and indestructible power to get through the difficult time. The WHO hailed that China has demonstrated amazing collective actions and the spirit of cooperation. The broad mind and the toughness of the Chinese people are connecting hearts and explaining the shared destiny, demonstrating the spiritual power of a community with a shared future for mankind. The WHO upgraded the global risk from the outbreak to "very high" when the virus is spreading in multiple countries and regions. At this very moment, China's actions and experiences are more inspiring for the world. It is a trial of strength between human race and the virus, and we must stay strong. We must cultivate the awareness of building a community with a shared future for mankind, and work together through weal and woe. It is believed that the community with a shared future for mankind will finally defeat the epidemic and prosper the existence and development of the mankind.
WS5e65b81aa31012821727d6cd	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65b81aa31012821727d6cd.html	2020-03-09	Daimler backs country to sustain growth after coronavirus outbreak	A Mercedes-Benz AMG vehicle attracts visitors at the Guangzhou auto show in November 2019. [Photo by Li Fusheng/China Daily] Daimler AG Chairman Ola Kaellenius hailed China's effort in fighting against the novel coronavirus outbreak and said the German car group will do its best to help sustain economic growth in the world's second largest economy. "The entire world is witnessing how hard the Chinese people are working and what they are sacrificing to fight the coronavirus. Such a level of joint efforts and commitment is unprecedented," said Kaellenius, also head of Daimler's Mercedes-Benz. He made the remarks in a statement last week amid the ongoing epidemic that has infected more than 80,000 people in the world's largest auto market. He said China is a second home for Daimler and Mercedes-Benz and the company will stand with Chinese people during the fight against the epidemic to resume a normal and healthy life. "As a company we are committed to playing our role in this course and we will do our best to sustain China's prosperous growth and its role as a powerhouse of the global economy," Kaellenius said. Quoting an old Chinese saying, he said that "if people work together, nothing is impossible". Ola Kaellenius, chairman of Daimler AG and head of Daimler's Mercedes-Benz. [Photo/China Daily] Daimler has joint ventures with State-owned carmaker BAIC Group to produce trucks and Mercedes-Benz cars. It has also partnered with Volvo owner Zhejiang Geely Holding Group to run ride-sharing projects and produce smart-branded electric cars. China is the largest market for Mercedes-Benz. Last year, its sales grew 6.2 percent year-on-year to 693,443 units, outperforming BMW and Audi to become the most popular premium vehicle brand in the country. The brand said in January that it planned to launch 18 new models in the country in 2020. Beijing Mercedes-Benz Sales Service Co, which is responsible for sales and marketing of Mercedes-Benz and smart-branded vehicles in China, told China Daily on Friday that it is promoting the orderly resumption of work at its dealerships. Many of them are also offering online channels to promote and sell products. The company has extended the deadline of some services so that the car owners don't have to risk going outdoors. The company said that the epidemic has caused some impact on the supply chain management, production and market demand in the short term but it is confident that China will win the battle. "We have also gained experiences in responding to challenges in this battle, laying a firm foundation for our future growth and sustainable development in China," the company said. "Mercedes-Benz will continue our consistent efforts to make a greater contribution to the gradual recovery of the auto industry," it said. As of the end of 2019, Mercedes-Benz had delivered 4 million vehicles in the country. The brand's customers have an average of age of 35.8 years, the youngest and most dynamic customer group in the world, it said.
WS5e65b29ba31012821727d697	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65b29ba31012821727d697.html	2020-03-09	Gates-funded project to offer home-testing kits for coronavirus	A man walks with a face mask, after further cases of coronavirus were confirmed in New York, at JFK International Airport in New York, US, March 5, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SAN FRANCISCO - A project funded by Bill Gates and his foundation will soon begin to offer home-testing kits that allow people who fear they may be infected with the coronavirus to swab their noses and send the samples back for analysis, The Seattle Times reported Sunday. The results should be available in one to two days, and will be shared with local health officials who will notify those who test positive. Via online forms, infected people can answer questions about their movements and contacts, making it easier for health officials to locate others who may need to be tested or quarantined, as well as to track the virus' spread and identify possible hot spots, said the newspaper. Initially, the lab will be able to conduct about 400 tests a day, eventually expanding to thousands of tests a day, said Scott Dowell, leader of coronavirus response at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. "Although there's a lot to be worked out, this has enormous potential to turn the tide of the epidemic," Dowell said, adding that it is not clear exactly when the project will be launched. Software needs to be upgraded to handle the expected crush of requests, and a detailed questionnaire finalized for people who request tests, according to Dowell. The project will reduce the need for sick people to visit a doctor's office or clinic, lowering the chance of exposing others, said the paper. Public Health - Seattle & King County has confirmed 71 cases and 15 deaths as of Saturday. The area is among the hardest hit in Washington State, where the country's first confirmed coronavirus case and first death in connection with the virus were reported. The foundation announced on March 4 an additional commitment of 5 million US dollars to help public health agencies in the greater Seattle region enhance their capacity to detect the virus in King County, Snohomish County and other surrounding communities. On Feb 5, the foundation committed up to 100 million dollars to the global effort to respond to the virus.
WS5e65aa6da31012821727d612	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65aa6da31012821727d612.html	2020-03-09	Indian Wells tennis tournament canceled due to coronavirus concerns	The BNP Paribas logo is seen at a branch in Paris, France, February 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Organizers of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells canceled the tennis tournament on Sunday due to concerns about the spread of the coronavirus in Southern California. "There is too great a risk, at this time, to the public health of the Riverside County area in holding a large gathering of this size," said David Agus, a professor of medicine and biomedical engineering at the University of Southern California. "It is not in the public interest of fans, players and neighboring areas for this tournament to proceed. We all have to join together to protect the community from the coronavirus outbreak." The tournament, a Masters 1000 event that was supposed to start on Tuesday, attracts the game's top players and a large crowd every year. Reuters
WS5e65a838a31012821727d5fb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65a838a31012821727d5fb.html	2020-03-09	Saudi Arabia postpones Saudi Games over coronavirus fears	Saudi men gather in front of the Baloot Games Hall to participate in the "Baloot" card-playing competition in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, February 13, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] CAIRO - Saudi Arabia has postponed the Saudi Games, the kingdom's largest sporting event, until further notice over coronavirus fears, the Al-Arabiya television station said on Sunday, citing the organising committee. The games were due to run from March 23 to April 1, with more than 6,000 athletes from the kingdom's 13 regions, both men and women, expected to participate. Saudi Arabia registered four more cases on Sunday, raising the total to 11. Other Gulf states have registered more cases, many of them linked to travel from Iran. Reuters
WS5e65a7d1a31012821727d5f4	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e65a7d1a31012821727d5f4.html	2020-03-09	Coronavirus cases rise to 203 in Sweden	STOCKHOLM - The number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Sweden rose to 203 and over half them are in the capital Stockholm, the Public Health Agency said on Sunday. A majority of those diagnosed in Sweden have either recently returned from northern Italy or have been in contact with someone who has visited Italy. Among those confirmed infections in Sweden on Sunday is a school bus driver in the south. He drove five children to school in a minibus prior to being diagnosed and then put into isolation. None of the children have experienced any symptoms but will be put in quarantine until March 18, the municipality said in a statement. Meanwhile, the municipality of Umea in northern Sweden, where pupils are due to return to school on Monday after a winter break, urged all pupils, teachers and other school employees to stay at home for at least two days if they have visited China, Italy or any other country with major outbreaks of the virus. In a statement, the municipality described the initiative as "a security measure".
WS5e658c0fa310a2fabb7a2bdc	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e658c0fa310a2fabb7a2bdc.html	2020-03-09	Coronavirus crisis teaches us the folly of selfish behavior	The Hong Kong SAR government may have much to learn from and some reflection to do on the ongoing outbreak of the novel coronavirus; one important lesson should be about how to calm people down and dissuade residents from hoarding essential supplies. About one month ago, a rumor circling WhatsApp chat groups sent the whole city into a panic. The rumor was that Hong Kong would be in short of supply of toilet paper, as most paper manufacturers on the Chinese mainland had yet to resume production. The rumor seemed to be ridiculous to me at first, until a few hours later, when my friends started to send me pictures of empty shelves in supermarkets across the city and complained that they couldn't buy any toilet paper. "This cannot be happening," I told myself and went straight to a ParknShop nearby, only to find that it was true - there was no toilet paper left. Not only that, there was no kitchen paper, tissue paper, nor napkins, and there was no rice left in the store either. Empty shelves row by row were the silent witness of people's panic shopping, and this ridiculous situation went on for at least two weeks. So during those two weeks, on top of being unable to get face masks and disinfection supplies, people in Hong Kong also had to worry about not having any toilet paper and rice. I went to supermarkets each and every day during that period to try my luck, and I saw elderly people fighting over a pack of rice or several rolls of toilet paper in my neighborhood. It demonstrated how people and society are vulnerable to panicking. My friends from the mainland found it hard to believe that Hong Kong, the renowned international financial center, would be out of toilet paper, as people are generally very calm on the mainland, including those who were under quarantine in Wuhan, Hubei province; few felt the need to buy up essential supplies. So I believe one of the lessons here is that the SAR government should send out firm and clear messages to the community as soon as rumors emerge, as Lee Hsien Loong, the prime minister of Singapore did. He issued a television speech to calm down citizens and ensure them that Singapore has enough supply of essentials after people showed signs of panic due to the spread of the coronavirus. Another good idea that the SAR government may want to consider is reserving essential items for rainy days like now, including face masks, toilet paper, and rice, among other things. I've noticed that local governments on the mainland have been holding press conferences and telling people the quantity of essentials the governments have in reserve, which really has helped calm people and boost their confidence in the governments. The final lesson is for every resident in Hong Kong. Everyone of us should take a moment and think about how we should react to unverified information, and how we should not cave in to panic. If we had remained calm and reasonable, none of us would have bought hundreds of rolls of toilet paper at one time and left nothing for other people. So during a time of emergency, we should uphold the value of "sharing" things with our neighbors and not fight over resources with each other.
WS5e6518cda31012821727d416	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/09/WS5e6518cda31012821727d416.html	2020-03-09	About 75,000 coronavirus tests available for the American public	Currently, there are about 75,000 coronavirus tests available for the American public, US Surgeon General Dr. Jerome Adams says, according to CNN.
WS5e650360a31012821727d411	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/08/WS5e650360a31012821727d411.html	2020-03-08	Novel coronavirus cases in the UK increased from 209 to 273	The United Kingdom now has a total of 273 people who have tested positive for the novel coronavirus, according to latest figures published by health authorities on Sunday, up from the previous day's total of 209. As of 9 am on Sunday, more than 23,000 had been tested, and so far there have been two fatalities, both in England. The majority of cases remain in England, including one student at Oxford University, who self-isolated after feeling unwell, having not attended any university or college events. Two of the newly announced positive tests are in Wales and on Saturday night three additional cases were diagnosed in Northern Ireland.
WS5e65001da31012821727d408	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/08/WS5e65001da31012821727d408.html	2020-03-08	Fans banned from Bahrain GP due to coronavirus	DUBAI - Organizers of the Formula 1 Bahrain Grand Prix have confirmed that this season's race will take place without spectators in order to help prevent the spread of coronavirus. "In consultation with our international partners and the Kingdom's national health Taskforce, Bahrain has made the decision to hold this year's Bahrain Grand Prix as a participants-only event," a statement read on Sunday. "Given the continued spread of COVID-19 globally, convening a major sporting event, which is open to the public and allows thousands of international travellers and local fans to interact in close proximity would not be the right thing to do at the present time." The 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix is scheduled for March 22, one week after the season-opening Australian Grand Prix, which is still set to go ahead as planned with spectators in attendance. The coronavirus outbreak has already forced the postponement of the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai, which had been scheduled to take place on April 15.
WS5e64daffa31012821727d396	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/08/WS5e64daffa31012821727d396.html	2020-03-08	Coronavirus claims 194 lives in Iran: ministry	A woman in Teheran, Iran, has her temperature checked and her hands disinfected as she enters the Palladium Shopping Center on Tuesday. [Photo/Agencies] TEHRAN - The novel coronavirus has claimed 194 lives in Iran, the Ministry of Health and Medical Education announced Sunday. Kianush Jahanpur, head of Public Relations and Information Center of the ministry, said the total number of the confirmed cases now stands at 6,566, of whom 2,134 have recovered. Tehran records 1,805 cases of infection, the highest number among the country's provinces, followed by Qom with 685 cases and Mazandaran with 620 cases. Iran announced the first cases of the virus infection in the central city of Qom on Feb 19.
WS5e64bfbda31012821727d376	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/08/WS5e64bfbda31012821727d376.html	2020-03-08	Wuhan opens 50 pharmacies for non-coronavirus patients	An interior view of a designated pharmacy for patients with chronic diseases, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Su Feng/chinadaily.com.cn] Wuhan authorities have set up around 50 pharmacies to provide patients with chronic diseases their daily doses amid the novel coronavirus outbreak. Residents in need of medication can report their demands to their communities. Staff workers and volunteers will be assigned to purchase medicines accordingly. Meanwhile, multiple hospitals in the city have resumed or will resume outpatient services soon.  A community worker purchases medications for residents. [Photo by Su Feng/chinadaily.com.cn] A patient picks up her medicines at Wuhan Sixth Hospital, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Su Feng/chinadaily.com.cn] A patient waits outside the clinic at Wuhan Sixth Hospital, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Su Feng/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e64bba5a31012821727d36b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/08/WS5e64bba5a31012821727d36b.html	2020-03-08	WHO spokesperson says coronavirus has hit over 100 countries, regions	Following the outbreak of the coronavirus in Japan, a woman wearing a protective mask is seen at the scramble crossing in Shibuya shopping district in Tokyo, March 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] GENEVA - One hundred and one countries and regions have reported confirmed cases of COVID-19 as of Sunday morning, World Health Organization (WHO) spokesperson Fadela Chaib told Xinhua. A total of 105,427 confirmed cases were reported globally as of 6:00 CET (0500 GMT) Sunday, among which 3,583 patients have died, the spokesperson said. In a statement released Saturday evening, the WHO said the spread of COVID-19 can be significantly slowed or even reversed through implementing robust containment and control activities as the number of cases worldwide has surpassed 100,000. China and other countries are demonstrating that the spread of the virus can be slowed and its impact reduced through the use of universally applicable actions, the WHO said, referring to measures such as working across society to identify people who are sick, making sure they receive care, following up on contacts, preparing hospitals and clinics to manage a surge in patients, and training health workers. The WHO underlined that containing and slowing the spread of the virus helps buy time for health systems and all of society to prepare and for researchers to identify effective treatments and develop vaccines.
WS5e644e9fa31012821727d2dd	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/08/WS5e644e9fa31012821727d2dd.html	2020-03-08	Italy locks down wealthy northern region to contain coronavirus	A woman wearing a protective face mask walks with her luggages inside Milan's main train station as Italian authorities prepare to lock down Lombardy to prevent the spread of the highly infectious coronavirus in Milan, Italy, March 7, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - Italy has locked down the northern Lombardy region and 14 nearby provinces, including the financial capital Milan and tourist hotspot Venice, in an effort to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus, Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said Sunday. According to a government decree that goes into effect until April 3, unprecedented restrictions will be taken as preventive measures, impacting some 16 million people in the north, which accounts for over one-six of the country's population. The decree came after the Civil Protection Department confirmed a total of 5,883 coronavirus infections in Italy on Saturday, with its largest daily increase of more than 1,200 since the outbreak began in the north of the country on Feb 21. The death toll from the virus in Italy has risen to 233, and the northern regions of Lombardy, Emilia-Romagna and Veneto account for 92 percent of recorded deaths. Residents of the lockdown areas are "obligated to avoid any kinds of movement, whether in or out of the region," Conte told a press conference. "It is strongly recommended that people with any respiratory symptoms or fever ... stay in their homes, limit social contact as much as possible, and contact their doctors," he said, adding that those who tested positive "are absolutely forbidden from leaving their homes." The decree also shuts down museums, theaters, cinemas, night clubs, places of worship, ski resorts, gyms, swimming pools, schools, universities and other public places in the region. "Bars and restaurants are allowed to operate from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. as long as owners ensure that consumers observe a distance of personal security of at least one meter," Conte said, warning that venues will be shut down if owners violate the restriction. The decree also calls on employers to put workers on leave, and suspends leave for medical and technical staff "whose activities are required," with hospitals under pressure over the virus. "We are facing a national emergency," Conte said. "We have two objectives: to contain the spread of the infection ... and to avoid overburdening our hospitals." Conte said Italy is producing more intensive care machines and equipment. "Today we have already had 320 new intensive care machines, and we are ready to produce 500 such machines per month."
WS5e6442b8a31012821727d2cf	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/08/WS5e6442b8a31012821727d2cf.html	2020-03-08	Coronavirus cases outside China hit 20,000: WHO	A woman wearing a protective face mask walks in the streets after the government decree to close cinemas, schools and urge people to work from home and not stand closer than one meter to each other, in Turin, Italy, March 5, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] BRUSSELS -- European countries saw the number of coronavirus cases climb on Saturday as the World Heath Organization (WHO) announced that the figure outside China already hit 20,000. A total of 21,114 confirmed cases of COVID-19 have been reported by 93 countries and regions outside China as of 10:00 CET Saturday, an increase of 3,633 infections from the previous day, according to the WHO daily situation report released Saturday evening. COUNTRIES HARDEST HIT Italy, France and Germany were the hardest hit as their numbers of new infections soared around 1,000, 300, and 150 respectively in the day. Italy's health authorities on Saturday urged people to strictly follow the rules imposed to contain the spread of the coronavirus as its accumulated cases reached 5,883, including 233 deaths and 589 recoveries. The rise in new cases was 1,145 while new fatalities stood at 36. The new rules included a ban to all cultural events, including those in cinema and theaters, unless they could guarantee "the compliance with the interpersonal safety distance of at least one meter." The same safety measures were also recommended to all people in their daily social life.   A tourist wearing a mask walks away from the Louvre as the staff closed the museum during a staff meeting about the coronavirus outbreak, in Paris, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] France confirmed on Saturday a total of 949 cases of coronavirus infection, up 336 from the previous day, and 16 deaths, according to Health General Director Jerome Salomon. "The virus is actively spreading in certain areas that we are monitoring closely," Salomon said, adding that France remained at "Stage 2", or the pre-epidemic level, in the country's epidemic alert system, which meant that the virus is not yet actively spreading all over the country. Since Feb 28, all gatherings which expected to draw 5,000 people in confined spaces as well as certain events in an open environment have been banned across France. Some 150 schools were shut down, involving 45,000 students and 3,000 teachers. Local authorities especially of two heavily affected regions -- l'Oise in northern France and Haut-Rhin near German borders -- have ordered the closure of all educational institutions for 15 days starting from March 9. According to Minister of Education Jean-Michel Blanquer, 155,000 students are involved in l'Oise and 127,000 in Haut-Rhin, all of whom will be able to follow "class at home". At the daily briefing, Salomon once again urged people, notably the children, to limit visits to elderly people, who are most vulnerable to a coronavirus infection. He also reiterated the need to respect "simple and effective barrier gestures," including frequent hand washing, using one-time tissues, coughing or sneezing into the elbow, avoiding handshakes and hugs. In Germany, the German news agency dpa reported that the country's total cases went up to around 800 on Saturday. A woman wearing a protective face mask, following the outbreak of the coronavirus, is seen at Zaventem international airport near Brussels, Belgium, March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] OTHER COUNTRIES The Netherlands and Belgium both reported 60 new confirmed cases on Saturday, bringing their total to 188 and 169 respectively. Austria now has 79 cases after reporting 16 new cases on Saturday, while Greece saw its number clime to 66, including 21 new cases. The Republic of Moldova confirmed its first case while the United States European Command announced the first positive case of a US service member in Europe, after a navy sailor stationed in Naples, Italy tested positive for the virus. In Luxembourg, the Ministry of Health reported its 4th case on Saturday, which has an epidemiological link with northern Italy. Finland reported four new cases on Saturday, bringing the country's total to 19, while the confirmed cases in Estonia rose to ten. Slovenia issued a decree on Saturday banning all public indoor events for 500-plus visitors, as its confirmed coronavirus cases increased by four to 12. Romania reported three new cases on Saturday, and the country's total rose to 12. As of noon Saturday, 16 people are currently in institutional quarantine in Romania nationwide, and 12,927 are monitored at home. Poland reported its sixth case on Saturday, and Hungary its 5th. Malta confirmed two new cases, who were parents of a 12-year-old Italian girl, its first case. The Portuguese government announced on Saturday the closure of some schools and institutions due to the coronavirus outbreak, while recommending the postponement of social events, as its cases rose to 21. Ireland added one case on Saturday, bringing the total to 19, including two healthcare workers.
WS5e639ed8a31012821727d2a5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/07/WS5e639ed8a31012821727d2a5.html	2020-03-07	Togo confirms first case of coronavirus	Riot police officers patrol the street as they try to stop protesters from gathering in front of the College Saint Joseph in Lome, Togo February 28, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Togo's Prime Minister Komi Selom Klassou announced on Friday that the first case of coronavirus has been confirmed in the West African country. Klassou made the announcement during a press conference he hosted at the Prime Minister's Office in the presence of Fatoumata Binta Tidiane, the resident representative of the World Health Organization, and Moustafa Mijiyawa, Togo's minister of health and public hygiene. "We have registered our first confirmed case of the coronavirus. The patient is a 42-year-old female who recently traveled to Benin, France, Germany and Turkey and who showed signs related to the symptoms of the disease, including fever, sore throat and headache," Klassou said. The prime minister added that the patient was immediately placed in isolation at an infectious disease treatment center for treatment. He also said that the case should not cause any major concern and all the people who have been in contact with the patient have been identified and quarantined in accordance with the international health regulations. "I call on everyone to calm down and not to panic. It is also important for everyone to strictly observe the recommended prevention measures," Klassou said in a statement that was shared on the Prime Minister's official website.
WS5e636123a31012821727d24f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/07/WS5e636123a31012821727d24f.html	2020-03-07	US university halts in-person classes over larger spread of coronavirus	Workers unload a delivery of disposable procedure gowns at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, a long-term care facility linked to several confirmed coronavirus cases, in Kirkland, Washington, US March 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SAN FRANCISCO — The University of Washington (UW) on Friday announced suspension of all in-person classes for this semester as the outbreak of COVID-19 infected more people in the United States. The UW, which is the first large US university to take such a measure due to a scarier prospect of the disease, said all classes, starting on next Monday, will no longer meet in person and instructors will conduct classes and exams online until March 20. "The last week or so has been difficult as the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19 has gained a foothold in our region and country," said UW President Ana Mari Cauce. The university said the actions were taken to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 by avoiding gatherings of large groups of people and events. "Our focus remains keeping this community healthy as we fulfill our important educational, research and service mission," said Cauce. While the university is transitioning to online classes, its campuses will remain open for those who need campus services, including medical needs, dining services and residence halls. Also on Friday, the UW announced that one of its employees has tested positive for COVID-19 and has been in self-isolation at home. The Roosevelt Commons East building on the university's Seattle campus, where the employee was working, has been closed for deep cleaning. All occupants of the building who were in close contact with the ill employee have been notified and are asked to stay home for 14 days, the university said. In related development, Seattle University, a private Jesuit university in Washington state, also decided Friday to cancel in-person classes for the rest of the winter quarter starting Monday. But the university said no confirmed cases have been reported on the campus. Washington is the home to the first US confirmed COVID-19 case, and the United States has reported more than 300 cases with 17 deaths across the country as of Friday, according to US media.
WS5e633007a31012821727d210	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/07/WS5e633007a31012821727d210.html	2020-03-07	No new coronavirus cases in 1/3 of Wuhan communities	Volunteers of Blue Sky Rescue, a nonprofit civil rescue organization, disinfect a residential building in Wuhan, Hubei province, the epicenter of the virus outbreak, on Feb 22. [Photo by WANG JING/CHINA DAILY] About one-third of residential communities in the Hubei provincial capital Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, have had no newly confirmed cases in the past two weeks as of Thursday, according to the city's epidemic prevention and control headquarters. As of 6 pm Thursday, 2,076 residential communities in the city had been listed as epidemic-free communities, the headquarters said on Friday. A community could win the title if they report no additional cases for at least two weeks and have no resident still on the list of high-risk people - suspected cases, people with fever and close contacts with confirmed infections - in the past 14 days. Meanwhile, communities that fail to roll out adequate prevention and control measures, including lockdown management, timely disinfections and support of daily necessities to residents, will not be qualified to be laureates, according to the headquarters. Hu Yabo, vice-mayor of Wuhan, told a recent news conference that there are a total of 7,148 residential communities in the city. It also said there are 1,171 epidemic-free rural villages in Wuhan as of Thursday. The headquarters have made public all of the epidemic-free communities and villages online for public supervision and will update the list every three days.
WS5e631377a31012821727d1f4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/07/WS5e631377a31012821727d1f4.html	2020-03-07	Italy records biggest daily increase in coronavirus fatalities	A face mask is attached to a sculpture at the Carlo Alberto square in Turin, Italy, March 5, 2020 after the government decree to close cinemas, schools and urge people to work from home. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - The death toll from an outbreak of coronavirus in Italy has risen by 49 to 197, the Civil Protection Agency said on Friday, the largest daily increase in fatalities since the contagion was uncovered two weeks ago. Italy is currently reporting more deaths per day from the virus than any other country in the world and the government this week ordered the closure of schools, universities, cinemas and theaters around the country to try to stem the infections. The cumulative number of cases in the country, which has been the hardest hit in Europe by the epidemic, totaled 4,636 compared with 3,858 on Thursday. The Vatican, an independent state that sits in the heart of Rome, registered its first case on Friday. The national health institute said the average age of those who had died so far was 81, with the vast majority suffering underlying health problems. Just 28 percent were women. The fatality rate from the illness in Italy, which has one of the oldest populations in the world, is running at 4.25 percent, higher than in most other countries. In a worrying sign for hard-pressed hospitals, the number of patients in intensive care rose more than 30 percent on Friday to 462. On a more positive note, some 523 people have fully recovered, authorities said, an increase of 26 percent on the previous tally. Top flight Serie A soccer matches are due to be played this weekend, but behind closed doors. Reuters
WS5e62fb47a31012821727d195	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/07/WS5e62fb47a31012821727d195.html	2020-03-07	99 new coronavirus cases confirmed on Chinese mainland	Chen Yali, a medical worker from Wuhan No 1 Hospital, takes a picture of drawings on the wall left by her colleagues in Leishenshan makeshift hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Wednesday. The Chinese characters read "Stay strong, Wuhan". The walls along the corridors in the makeshift hospital have become an important venue for hospital staff to express their thoughts and wishes. [Photo/Xinhua] A total of 99 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infections and 28 deaths were reported on Friday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 80,651 and 3,070 respectively, the National Health Commission said on Saturday morning. With the bulk of the new confirmed cases coming from Hubei province, center of the epidemic outbreak, the Chinese mainland outside Hubei only reported 25 daily new infections, 24 of which were imported cases, with 17 in Gansu province and one in Guangdong province, as well as three in Beijing and three in Shanghai. By the end of Friday, a total of 60 imported cases of novel coronavirus infections had been reported, said the commission. All the new fatalities were in Hubei province, it said, adding that with another 99 new suspected cases reported Friday, a total of 502 people are still suspected of being infected with the virus. Also on Friday, 1,678 people were discharged from hospitals after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 248 to 5,489. A total of 55,404 people had been discharged from hospitals after recovery as of Friday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 672,458 people with close contact with patients, adding that among them, 4,773 were discharged from medical observation Friday, with 26,730 others still under medical observation. By the end of Friday, 107 confirmed cases including two deaths had been reported in Hong Kong, 10 confirmed cases in Macao, and 45 in Taiwan including one death. And 51 patients in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 12 in Taiwan have been discharged from hospitals after recovery. Hubei province, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, maintained an overall declining trend of the new daily infections, reporting 74 new confirmed cases of viral infections along with 28 new deaths on Friday. And the latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the hard-hit province to 67,666 and total deaths to 2,959. All the new infections of the province occurred in Wuhan, the provincial capital, with 21 new deaths on Friday. In total, the city has registered 49,871 confirmed cases and 2,349 deaths. The province also saw 1,502 patients discharged from hospitals after recovery on Friday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 43,468, it said, adding that Hubei had 301 suspected cases as of Friday midnight.
WS5e62702da31012821727d10c	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e62702da31012821727d10c.html	2020-03-06	Coronavirus outbreak having 'viral' effect on some major brands	As fear about the coronavirus spreads along with the contagion itself, the top news story in the world has pulled in some major brands — for better and worse. There's been a run on hand sanitizers, disinfectant wipes and bleach, which has helped propel the shares of Clorox, up $3.33 on Thursday to $175.85 on a day when the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost almost 970 points. A shortage of hand sanitizers such as Purell − some plastic bottles of which were being sold on Amazon.com by some third-party sellers for hundreds of dollars − has led some people to homebrew their own antibacterial formulas. "The run on ingredients such as aloe vera and rubbing alcohol comes as public health experts recommend that Americans use do-it-yourself methods to make up for nationwide shortages of antibacterial products," cbsnews.com reported. There also has been a run on rubbing alcohol. "We order it (rubbing alcohol) and it sells out — everyone is just attacking it," a worker at a Manhattan Duane Reade drugstore told the website. "We have nothing antibacterial left." Speaking of alcohol, a popular US vodka maker, Tito's, in Austin, Texas, had to respond on Wednesday to stories that some people were using its 80-proof spirit as a hand sanitizer ingredient. "Per the CDC, hand sanitizer needs to contain at least 60% alcohol. Tito's Handmade Vodka is 40% alcohol, and therefore does not meet the current recommendation of the CDC," the company tweeted. The virus earlier had drawn in another prominent name in the imbibing world. Corona, the Mexican beer that tells drinkers to "find your beach", unfortunately shares a name with the dreaded virus. Corona is Spanish for crown. A phone survey of 737 beer drinkers by a New York City public relations firm "found" that 38 percent of Americans wouldn't drink la cerveza mas fina (the most fine beer) because of COVID-19 (the cumbersome name that the World Health Organization came up with for the disease). A handful of major media outlets picked up the survey and ran with it. But the Poynter Institute's Politifact website and The Atlantic determined the poll was misleading and not representative, and specific poll questions were not released. Yascha Mounk, in a Feb 28 piece for The Atlantic titled, "What the Dubious Corona Poll Reveals", eventually did get access to the poll's questions, which he said made clear "that the survey was a fishing expedition designed to elicit viral stats". Of those who did regularly drink Corona, only 4 percent said they would stop drinking the pale lager, Mounk wrote. Constellation Brands, a Fortune 500 company based in Victor, New York, and the owner of the Corona label, was compelled to issue a statement on Feb 28. "Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by this terrible virus and we hope efforts to more fully contain it gain traction soon," said Bill Newlands, president and CEO at the company. "It's extremely unfortunate that recent misinformation about the impact of this virus on our business has been circulating in traditional and social media without further investigation or validation. "These claims simply do not reflect our business performance and consumer sentiment, which includes feedback from our distributor and retailer partners across the country," the statement said. Further invalidating the poll was a report that sales of Corona Extra remained strong, up 5 percent in the US in the four-week period ended Feb 16. Advertising legend Harvey Gabor has had some experience with brand phenomena. He created the classic TV commercial theme "I'd like to Buy the World a Coke". Gabor also remembers the colossal flop in 1985 that was New Coke, a result of Coca-Cola temporarily changing the formula of the world's most famous soft drink. Three months later, after much consumer outrage, the original formula was brought back and renamed Coke Classic, and sales bounced back. As for how a brand can cope with massive negative publicity: "You sit still and wait for the storm to pass," he told northjersey.com. "I would do nothing," he said. "It's early in the game. Richard Nixon had a great line. The memory of the average American is one week. Just sit tight." The author is a journalist and columnist at China Daily USA in New York. Contact the writer at williamhennelly@chinadailyusa.com
WS5e62702aa31012821727d109	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e62702aa31012821727d109.html	2020-03-06	US stocks open lower amid coronavirus fears	The market selloff continued Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell more than 800 points in early trading. The plunge extends Thursday’s rout when the blue chip index closed down 959.58 points, or 3.58 percent, amid uncertainty created by the coronavirus. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq also fell in early trading Friday. Stocks continued to trade lower despite a strong jobs report. The US Labor Department said employers added 273,000 non-farm jobs in February, beating Wall Street’s estimates of 175,000 jobs. Strong employment suggests solid consumer spending, which represents about 70 percent of the US economy. On Friday, US President Trump signed an $8.3 billion package to boost prevention efforts and research to develop a vaccine against the coronavirus, also called COVID-19.
WS5e626be3a31012821727d106	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e626be3a31012821727d106.html	2020-03-06	Kenya is prepared to tackle coronavirus, health ministry says	Mutahi Kagwe (holding a microphone), Kenya's health cabinet secretary, gives an update on Kenya's preparedness for coronavirus eventuality, during the launch of coronavirus isolation and treatment facility in Nairobi, Kenya on March 6, 2020. [Photo by Edith Mutethya/chinadaily.com.cn] The Kenyan health ministry has assured citizens that the country is well prepared for a possible outbreak of coronavirus, which has claimed over 3,000 lives across the globe and infected over 90,000 since its appearance in December. Mutahi Kagwe, the health cabinet secretary, said 1,100 health workers have been trained to tackle coronavirus eventualities and have been deployed in Jomo Kenyatta International Airport among other areas. "We are sensitizing and cascading the training all the way to the community levels," he said. He said the government has procured sufficient personal protective equipment for the health workers to ensure they are properly protected. Kagwe made the remarks on Friday as he launched a 120-bed coronavirus isolation and treatment facility in Mbagathi district hospital, in Kenya's capital Nairobi, located five kilometers from the city's central business district. He said setting the facility in place was the first responsibility given to the 21-member emergency response committee following its establishment on February 28. "We were told to have the facility ready for treatment of cases within seven days. I thank the team that has worked day and night to ensure the facility is set up," he said. Kagwe said the government is working on establishing a similar 300-bed capacity facility at the Kenyatta University Teaching, Referral and Research Hospital, to step up preparedness, in case the Mbagathi facility was overwhelmed. He said the government has set up an emergency unit that is going around the country in readiness for a quick response. "We have activated an emergency operation center that is closely monitoring the evolution of the outbreak in China and the rest of the world in order to keep tabs with what we should do and learn what other countries are doing," he said. Tai-ho Chen (right) medical epidemiologist at the CDC Kenya, hands over a donation of coronavirus equipment from US CDC to Mutahi Kagwe (left), Kenya's health cabinet secretary, during the launch of coronavirus isolation and treatment facility in Nairobi, Kenya on March 6, 2020. [Photo by Edith Mutethya/chinadaily.com.cn] Kagwe said there is mandatory screening at all points of entry, with thermal scanners already in place. "Nobody will be allowed in Kenya without being screened at the airports and ports. We are making arrangements to have screenings in other areas where people just walk in to Kenya," he said. Kagwe said they are working with East African Community member states to ensure vigilance, adding that doctors from the five states met in his office on Friday morning for similar deliberations. He said the government is working closely with the World Health Organization, Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention among others. "Public members are encouraged to remain vigilant as the risk is still high. They are advised to continue taking precautionary measures at all times like maintaining hands and respiratory hygiene," Kagwe said. He said they have entered into an arrangement with Safaricom, the leading communications company in Kenya, to educate the public about the disease and required precaution measures through free mobile phone messages. Kagwe said the government has temporarily lifted the ban on flights from Italy, to allow an empty aircraft to pick up Italian nationals stranded in Kenya's coastal town of Malindi. On Tuesday, the government imposed a ban on flights from northern Italy, specifically Verona and Milan over coronavirus concerns. He said the government has also banned all meetings and conferences of international nature in the country. "If a conference involves people travelling from outside the country for a meeting of more than 15 people, it should be postponed for the next 30 days," Kagwe said. He said the government has also issued a travel advisory to all Kenyans to avoid non-essential travel to high risk countries for conferences or meetings involving more than 15 people. Kagwe said the emergency response committee is cascading its work downwards to other sectors, like the ministry of transport working with sector players to ensure that certain levels of hygiene are being observed as a precaution measure against coronavirus. "Let's not panic, instead, we should observe what is being advised by the ministry of health," he said. Kagwe said Kenya is working with the World Bank Group on mitigating the economic effects of coronavirus. The cabinet secretary also warned Kenyans against discriminating against nationals from Asia, urging them instead to remain sympathetic and friendly. His comment follows a video that went viral on social media of a man and a woman of Asian origin being harassed in Nairobi's Kibra slums, by a resident who was questioning whether they had coronavirus. Mbagathi District Hospital health workers at one of the coronavirus isolation and treatment facility room. [Photo by Edith Mutethya/chinadaily.com.cn] The coronavirus isolation and treatment facility, is the first one in Kenya. [Photo by Edith Mutethya/chinadaily.com.cn] The coronavirus isolation and treatment facility intensive care unit. [Photo by Edith Mutethya/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e62091ea31012821727d004	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e62091ea31012821727d004.html	2020-03-06	Coronavirus cases rise in South America	Health officials at Quito International Airport test visitors as part of coronavirus security measures in Quito, Ecuador in March, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MEXICO CITY - Four South American countries on Thursday announced increases in the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases, including Brazil, Argentina, Ecuador and Chile. In Brazil, the health ministry said the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases rose to eight, with six in Sao Paulo state, and one each in Rio and Espirito Santo states. Two of the new patients were believed to contract the virus from the country's first confirmed case - a 61-year-old man in Sao Paulo, in the country's first two cases of local transmission. "All of the confirmed cases up to now have had a record of travel or close contact with a confirmed case," said health ministry official Wanderson Kleber de Oliveira, ruling out community transmission. One of the confirmed cases, a 13-year-old teenager who arrived in the country on Sunday from Italy, has not shown any symptoms. In addition, Brazil also recorded 636 suspected cases of the disease, the ministry added. In neighboring Argentina, the health ministry confirmed the country's second case on Thursday. The 23-year-old resident of its capital Buenos Aires "traveled to Italy and returned to the country on March 1." Argentina announced its first case on Tuesday, a 43-year-old man who returned from Italy on Sunday. Ecuador's Public Health Ministry on Thursday said the number of its confirmed cases of the COVID-19 has reached 13, making it the worst-affected country in Latin America to date. Its first patient, an elderly woman who returned from Spain on Feb 14, is in intensive care, while others have shown light symptoms and have been placed in self-isolation at home, the ministry said. Chilean Health Ministry announced the country's fourth case, a 40-year-old patient who returned from Italy on Sunday and developed symptoms of the virus on Wednesday. Countries in South America on Wednesday announced a plan to create a high-level committee to coordinate a regional response to contain the virus' spread.
37534195	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/shanghai/sheshan/2020-03/06/content_37534195.htm	2020-03-06	A Letter to Foreign Friends Working in Shanghai – Preventing Novel Coronavirus from Spreading in Shanghai	A Letter to Foreign Friends Working in Shanghai Dear international friends, At the beginning of the Chinese New Year, the whole nation is concerned with the outbreak of the pneumonia caused by a new strain of coronavirus. All-out efforts are being made by the Chinese government to curb the spread of the disease. Shanghai Municipal Government has launched the highest level of responding mechanism for major public health emergency to contain the disease and protect people’s life and health. Shanghai Municipal Commission of Science & Technology (Shanghai Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs), Shanghai Service Center for Foreigners Working in China will always stand by your side in this fight against the coronavirus. Please check the following notice and inform your friends and families around. Take care and be safe. 1. Try to avoid visits to crowded public areas, especially places of poor ventilation, such as public bathrooms, hot springs, cinemas, internet bars, Karaoke bars, shopping malls, bus/train stations, airports, ferry terminals and exhibition centers, etc. 2. Keep your hands sanitized. Try to avoid touching public objects and parts in public areas. After returning from public areas, covering your cough, using the restroom, and before meals, please wash your hands with soap or liquid soap under running water, or use alcoholic hand sanitizer. Avoid touching your mouth, nose or eyes when you are unsure whether your hands are clean or not. Cover your mouth and nose with your elbow when sneeze or cough. 3. Wear masks properly. Please wear a surgical mask or N95 respirator when you are in indoor public or crowded places. 4. If you arrive in Shanghai from other places, please pay close attention to your health condition. It is suggested you stay at home for a 14 days observation without attending any meetings, gatherings or group activities. Observation can be ended if no symptom comes out in 14 days. Please cooperate when relevant staff inquire about your health condition. 5. In case of fever, please go to the nearest designated hospital (as is shown in the appendix) to seek medical assistance, and report to your employer timely. Please tell doctors about your previous travel history and whether you have had contact with confirmed cases. Follow doctors’ instructions and finish the survey on epidemiology. Please avoid using public transportation when going to hospital. Health consulting hotline: 12320 (Shanghai health hotline) Foreigner's work permit consulting hotline: 8008205114 Novel coronavirus science information column-Foreigners in Shanghai: http://rg.sgst.cn/xbd/ Green channel for application during epidemic period, see notice for details Shanghai Municipal Commission of Science and Technology Shanghai Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs Shanghai Service Center for Foreigners Working in China Feb 1, 2020
WS5e61eb90a31012821727cf5d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61eb90a31012821727cf5d.html	2020-03-06	Capital of Hebei declared clear of coronavirus	A 61-year-old woman, the last patient infected with the novel coronavirus in Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei province, leaves hospital on March 6, 2020 after recovering. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The final known patient infected with the novel coronavirus — the last of 29 confirmed cases since Jan 22 — in Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei province, was discharged from hospital on Friday. No new cases have been confirmed in the past seven days, and there were no suspected cases as of Thursday night in the whole province, the Hebei Health Commission said. The last patient, a woman surnamed Zhang, 61, was admitted to Hebei Chest Hospital on Feb 12 and diagnosed as critically infected. She also had more than 10 other underlying conditions, including heart disease and diabetes, the hospital said. "These were the most unforgettable days of my life," Zhang said. "I was afraid and cried and nearly had a breakdown." She said she was grateful for the care provided by the medical staff at the hospital, a designated facility for treating patients infected with the novel coronavirus, known as COVID-19. A 61-year-old woman, the last patient infected with the novel coronavirus in Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei province, leaves hospital on March 6, 2020 after recovering. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The hospital admitted and later released eight infected patients starting from Jan, including three who were seriously ill. Since January, it has received 1,135 patients with fevers, one of the key symptoms of the pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus, along with 123 suspected cases, according to Wu Shucai, the hospital's director. "The achievements are the result of the joint efforts of all our medical staff, as well as the patients," Wu said. No staff member contracted the virus, he added. Wu said the hospital had brought together its best medical resources and dispatched 158 medical workers for treating three different kinds of patients — those with fever, those suspected of coronavirus infection and confirmed cases. Each patient was cared for by special medical teams using treatment plans that included both traditional Chinese and Western medicine. As of Thursday night, the province had reported 318 confirmed cases of COVID-19, including six deaths and 304 people who had recovered, according to the Hebei Health Commission. A total of 381 people who had contact with known infected people remained under observation, the commission said. Medical workers take a group photo with a 61-year-old woman, the last patient infected with the novel coronavirus in Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei province, leaves hospital on March 6, 2020 after recovering. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e61eaa2a31012821727cf43	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61eaa2a31012821727cf43.html	2020-03-06	Coronavirus unmasks America's depressing sick leave system	A person wearing a mask walks through Chinatown in New York, U.S., February 13, 2020. /Reuters A lot of hand-wringing is taking place in America over the shocking absence of a federal law that guarantees paid family or sick leave. In interim guidelines issued to businesses in the advent of an outbreak of coronavirus in the United States, the first recommendation of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC) is for employers to "actively encourage sick employees to stay home." Say what? Millions of American workers are actually dangerously exposed by the lack of national legislation that mandates workplace medical leave for serious illness. Among rich nations, it is almost alone in that regard. As the coronavirus which causes COVID-19 disease circles America, many have come to regret this glaring omission. "Coronavirus has laid bare the extent to which the failure of our nation to require paid sick leave has now endangered all of us," wrote Terri Gerstein, director of the State and Local Enforcement Project at the Harvard Labor and Worklife Program, in an article for The Hill. It is well known that many Americans choose to continue to work and avoid a doctor's visit while sick because they cannot afford unpaid leave or they don't have health insurance or it's too expensive. Alarm bells ring "There's no reason to expect people with symptoms of an upper respiratory infection would not do the same when coronavirus might present with a cough, with a low-grade fever, but not a completely debilitating illness," said David Blumenthal, president of the Commonwealth Fund, a global health think tank. That could accelerate the spread of the contagious illness and has set alarm bells ringing. "For the average worker who does not have access to paid sick days, the costs of taking unpaid sick time can make a painful dent in the monthly budget for the worker's household," was the sobering conclusion of a 2017 report by the Washington-based Economic Policy Institute. The burden falls disproportionately on low-wage workers, including those who work with the elderly, who are among those most at risk for coronavirus. The U.S. does have a law – the 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) – that requires some businesses to offer up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave to some workers for serious medical and family care needs. However, only 60 percent of the workforce is eligible for FMLA protections because small employers are exempt, and even in covered work sites, not all employees are eligible, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. Americans support paid leave Since the FMLA was passed, more than a dozen states have moved to expand benefits beyond the law's provisions but the absence of a federal standard is a major irritant to campaigners. But this unevenness rankles. A study conducted three years ago by the Pew Research Center found that Americans largely support paid leave. Most supporters said, however, that employers, rather than the federal or state government, should cover the costs. There was sharp division over whether the government should require employers to provide this benefit or let employers decide for themselves, and, rather surprisingly, relatively few saw expanding paid leave as a top policy priority. Will that position in the table of precedence change in the current circumstances? In a presidential election year, the issue of healthcare always features highly, and 2020 is no different. The influential U.S. House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee held a hearing as recently as January 28 on paid family and medical leave. Powerful testimony was provided, among others, by Vicki Shabo, a senior fellow at the New America think tank, who denounced the existence in America of what Britons call a postcode lottery – a situation in which someone's access to health services or medical treatment is determined by the area of the country in which they live. Add the company for which they work. Benefits to the economy "Whether a son or daughter can afford to take time away from work to hold a parent's hand through chemotherapy treatments, a parent is home to see a baby's first smile, or a person can recover from a car accident before returning to work is largely dependent on the luck of geography and employer beneficence," Shabo said in written testimony. "This uneven access to paid leave translates into unequal life opportunities and perpetuates pervasive disparities in income and wealth." A national policy can provide economic benefits alongside improvements in public health. "It is estimated that preventable emergency room visits among workers without paid sick days cost the United States more than $1.1 billion per year, with nearly half of the costs coming from taxpayer-funded programs like Medicaid, Medicare and the State Children's Health Insurance Program," said a fact sheet published in February by the National Partnership for Women and Families. "If all workers had paid sick days, 1.3 million emergency room visits could be prevented and public and private costs would be saved." Democratic presidential candidates have been weighing in on the issue. Senator Bernie Sanders has suggested that his controversial proposal of a single-payer national health insurance system could afford all Americans the ability to see a doctor if they develop the flu-like symptoms associated with COVID-19. "The U.S. must end the national disgrace of being the only major country in the world not to offer paid family leave," Sanders said. But, as always, deep divisions in the American political system stand in the way of real change. Democrats favor some type of national social insurance program backed by dedicated tax funding that guarantees paid leave while Republicans prefer a bias toward the private sector which may be offered enticements such as tax credits to provide leave benefits. Sadly, it might need a coronavirus catastrophe to bring about a compromise that will benefit the American people. Even then, given the dysfunction in Washington, you shouldn't count on it.
WS5e61e951a31012821727cf35	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61e951a31012821727cf35.html	2020-03-06	Coronavirus coming into China from outside	A woman wearing a face mask looks at her phone amid rainfall at the Central Business District, as the country is hit by a novel coronavirus outbreak, in Beijing, China, Feb 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Beijing reported four new imported cases of novel coronavirus infections on Thursday, all of which were traced to Italy. Cai Qi, Party secretary of Beijing, visited Beijing Capital International Airport to check epidemic prevention measures for inbound passengers. He said preventing importation of the coronavirus, known as COVID-19, was now the top priority. All of the infected patients have been hospitalized in designated hospitals in Beijing. Lanzhou, Gansu province, reported 11 imported cases of COVID-19 on Thursday. The city quarantined the 311 passengers who had taken chartered flights from Iran from Monday to Thursday. Some 300 people who had close contacts with those now confirmed have also been quarantined for observation. As of Thursday, 36 imported cases of COVID-19 had been reported in China, the National Health Commission said.
WS5e61e09aa31012821727cefd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61e09aa31012821727cefd.html	2020-03-06	US stocks dive anew on fear of coronavirus	  The Dow Jones Industrial Average is displayed after the closing bell on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, March 5, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] US stocks plunged Thursday as the worldwide spread of the coronavirus continued to infect a seesaw market with what it fears most: uncertainty. Most analysts foresee an economic downdraft in the first half of the year followed by recovery in the final six months. But it's impossible to know how quickly the coronavirus will spread or how severely it will disrupt supply chains, production, travel, employment or consumer spending. Investors placed their bets Thursday by dumping airline and leisure stocks while seeking safety in bonds and gold. Oil prices, a proxy for future economic activity, moved lower. OPEC agreed to cut production by an additional 1.5 million barrels per day in the second quarter to support prices. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 959.58 points, or 3.58 percent, and closed at 26,121.58. The S&P 500 declined 106.18 points, or 3.39 percent, and finished at 3023.94. The Nasdaq Composite index lost 279.49 points, or 3.10 percent, and closed at 8738.60. The Dow has swung wildly for the last two weeks amid concern about worldwide economic disruption caused by the coronavirus, which the World Health Organization (WHO) said has infected 80,442 people worldwide and killed 2,984. The blue-chip index was down consistently the week of Feb 24, dropping 1,032 points on Monday, 879 points on Tuesday, 124 points of Wednesday, 1,191 points on Thursday and 357 points on Friday. The market gyrated wildly this week, climbing 1,294 points on Monday, falling 786 points on Tuesday and rallying 1,173 points on Wednesday. Wild swings are likely to continue. The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index, often called Wall Street's fear gauge, was at 41.25 in midday trading Thursday, its highest level since 2011, when ratings agencies downgraded US government debt. The index, known as the VIX, represents the market's expectation of 30-day forward-looking volatility. It's derived from the prices of the S&P 500 index options and provides a measure of investor sentiment. The immediate economic outlook appears bleak. Goldman Sachs foresees supply-chain disruptions and lower economic activity, leading to a "short-lived global contraction that stops short of an outright recession". The International Air Transport Association (IATA), a Montreal-based trade group, said it expects the coronavirus to reduce airline passenger revenue $63 billion to $113 billion this year, up from its original estimate of $29.3 billion. The trade group expects revenue in Asia, including China, Japan and South Korea, to drop 23 percent, or $49.7 billion. In Canada and the US, IATA forecasts a 10 percent drop, or $21.1 billion. On Thursday, investors pounded airline and leisure stocks amid virus fears. American Airlines fell 13.44 percent, United Airlines dropped 13.25 percent and Delta skidded 7.20 percent. Cruise-ship operator Carnival slid 14.17 percent and Royal Caribbean Cruises lost 16.29 percent. The Institute of International Finance (IIF), a Washington-based association with about 450 members in 70 countries, lowered its 2020 forecast for US growth to 1.3 percent, down from 2 percent. Worldwide, the group expects growth to slow to 1.3 percent, down from its initial forecast of 2 percent. That would be below the 2.6 percent expansion in 2019, and the weakest since the 2008 financial crisis. "The range of potential outcomes is large and depends on the spread of the virus and resulting economic fallout, all of which are highly uncertain at this stage," the IIF said in a report. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said the coronavirus "presents the global economy with its greatest danger since the financial crisis". "Even in the best-case scenario of limited outbreaks in countries outside China, a sharp slowdown in world growth is expected in the first half of 2020 as supply chains and commodities are hit, tourism drops and confidence falters," the Paris-based group said in a report.
WS5e61ccc8a31012821727cea0	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61ccc8a31012821727cea0.html	2020-03-06	New York coronavirus cases double to 22	  A woman in a face mask checks her phone after landing on a flight from San Francisco to New York City, after further cases of coronavirus were confirmed in New York, at JFK International Airport in New York, US, March 5, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] New York state saw a surge in new coronavirus cases Thursday after 22 people were diagnosed with the virus and at least 1,000 people were self-quarantined in suburban Westchester County, just north of New York City. The number of cases in the state doubled overnight following an increase in testing, according to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. "The number will continue to go up," he told a news conference. "The more you test, the higher number you will have." Two new cases — involving a man in his 40s and a woman in her 80s — were confirmed Thursday. Both patients have been hospitalized in intensive care. Neither of the patients traveled to an infected area or had contact with others known to have COVID-19, meaning their infections could be from "community spread," the cause of which is unknown. One other case of community spread has been diagnosed in a lawyer in his 50s who is in critical condition at New York-Presbyterian/Columbia University Irving Medical Center. Dr Howard Zucker, commissioner of the state Health Department, said the patient is believed to have a host of underlying medical issues, mainly respiratory, which made his immune system susceptible to the virus. The man commuted daily to his office in midtown Manhattan. After catching the virus, he infected his wife, 20-year-old son, 14-year-old daughter and a neighbor who drove him to the hospital. His family members, his neighbor and the neighbor's friends are now isolated at home. The synagogue that he attended will halt services this weekend. More than 1,000 people connected to that house of worship are self-isolating after attending a recent bat mitzvah and a funeral. New York officials said they have enough kits from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to carry out 1,000 tests. But on Wednesday, the city said face masks were in short supply. New York City is home to 8.6 million people. It has the largest subway system in the world with 472 stations that operate around the clock. At least 5.6 million people take the subway daily on weekdays, according to figures from the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA). Amid fears about using the city's public transportation system during the outbreak, the city's MTA this week began a widespread campaign of disinfecting buses, subways and trains that go to and from the city's suburbs. Commonly touched surfaces, including turnstiles, ticket and vending machines, and handrails will be disinfected daily. authorities said. Disinfecting will be carried out every 72 hours at all 472 subway stations, and a daily deep clean will be done on the city's 6,714 subway cars, 5,700 buses as well as cars on railroads on suburban routes. Oxiris Barbot, the city's health commissioner, said that there was "no indication" that "casual contact", such as getting on the subway with someone who is sick, is "going to increase the risk to everyday New Yorkers". Amid the spread of coronavirus, the MTA is running announcements on subway stations, buses and rail cars. The city's taxi commission has instructed drivers and owners to disinfect their cars at least once a day. Organizers of the New York International Auto Show, which runs from April 10-19, said it will take place as scheduled. The show, held at the Jacob Javits Convention Center in Manhattan, will have at least 70 hand-sanitizing stations throughout the exhibition floor. A team of specially trained paramedics will be on site.
WS5e61b952a31012821727ce23	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61b952a31012821727ce23.html	2020-03-06	Players in isolation after hugging coronavirus-infected former Denmark international	Thomas Kahlenberg. [Photo/Agencies] COPENHAGEN - Players from Danish Super League clubs Brondby and Lyngby are in isolation after they met and hugged former Denmark international Thomas Kahlenberg, who has since tested positive for coronavirus, at a match last weekend. Kahlenberg, who played 47 matches for Denmark between 2003 and 2014 and also played for clubs Auxerre and VfL Wolfsburg before retiring in 2017, tested positive on Thursday and has been in quarantine, Brondby said in a statement. Kahlenberg, who played for Denmark at the 2010 World Cup, was infected during a visit to Amsterdam, it said. Brondby, who beat Lyngby 1-0 last Sunday, said 13 employees had been put in isolation, including the general manager Ole Palma, defender Joel Kabongo and assistant coach Martin Retov. Lyngby said three players, who were in physical contact with Kahlenberg on Sunday, had been put in isolation. Both teams have league games this weekend. The Danish FA said that for now all matches will go ahead as planned this coming weekend, but that it is monitoring the situation. The clubs said they are working with the Danish Patient Authority to track down players, fans and members of staff who were in contact with Kahlenberg during Sunday's match. Reuters
WS5e61ad9ea31012821727cd53	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61ad9ea31012821727cd53.html	2020-03-06	Latest James Bond film postponed in response to novel coronavirus spread	"No Time to Die," with a reported budget of $250 million, was originally set to be released in April. [Photo/Weibo] The release of the latest James Bond film "No Time to Die" has been postponed more than seven months, becoming the first major Hollywood film to change its release schedule in response to the spread of the novel coronavirus. In a statement on the film's official Twitter on Wednesday, the producers said "after careful consideration and thorough evaluation of the global theatrical marketplace, the release of NO TIME TO DIE will be postponed until November 2020." The film will be released in Britain on Nov 12, with worldwide release dates to follow, including the US launch on Nov 25, according to the statement. "No Time to Die," with a reported budget of $250 million, was originally set to be released in April. The movie is the 25th instalment in the James Bond film series. Directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, the spy film features Daniel Craig in his fifth and final outing as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The worldwide spread of the novel coronavirus epidemic is affecting Hollywood and the global film industry, forcing theaters to be shut down and events to be canceled in some countries and regions.
WS5e61aae2a31012821727cd24	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61aae2a31012821727cd24.html	2020-03-06	S. Korea confirms 196 new coronavirus cases, total 6,284	A woman wearing a mask to prevent contracting the coronavirus stretches as she takes a walk at a Han river park in Seoul, South Korea, March 5, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] South Korea confirmed 518 more cases of the COVID-19 on Friday, raising the total number of infections to 6,284. As of midnight local time, the number of infected patients totaled 6,284, up 518 from 24 hours ago. Seven more deaths were reported, lifting the death toll to 43. The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) has updated the data twice a day at 10:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. local time. The virus infection soared for the past 16 days, with 6,253 new cases reported from Feb. 19 to March 5. The country has raised its four-tier virus alert to the highest "red" level. The total number of infections in Daegu, about 300 km southeast of Seoul, and its surrounding North Gyeongsang province increased to 4,693 and 984 respectively. It accounted for about 90 percent of the total. Daegu became the epicenter of the viral spread here as the biggest cluster of infections was found in the metropolis with a 2.5 million population. Daegu has been designated by the government as a "special care zone." The Daegu cluster was closely linked to the church services of a homegrown minor religious sect, called Sincheonji, in Daegu. Since Jan. 3, the country has tested more than 160,000 people, among whom 136,624 tested negative for the virus and 21,832 were being checked. Twenty more patients were discharged from quarantine after making full recovery, raising the combined number to 108.
WS5e619cbba310a2fabb7a2b5a	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e619cbba310a2fabb7a2b5a.html	2020-03-06	The clever game of the coronavirus	At 32, Weng Qiuqiu had a lot to look forward to. Married with a 5-year-old daughter and a baby on the way, her life seemed full. On Jan 9, she felt slowed by the onset of a cold. That marked the beginning of one of the many thousands of heart-rending tragedies that ended in her death 12 days later in Wuhan, Hubei province. She had been unable to stand or even to speak by the time she was hospitalized. She had a high fever. A chest X-ray disclosed that her lungs had turned white - a critical clue pointing to the fact that she had come down with the novel coronavirus (known technically as SARS-CoV-2). She wasn't from a wealthy family, and the family couldn't afford the cost of treatment at up to 60,000 yuan ($ 8,597) per day in the first three days. Her husband, Chen Yong, powerless and utterly afraid, set about every dayto raise money but all that money was gone within 10 days. The treatment was of little help, anyway. Weng's condition deteriorated fast. "Had I borrowed more, my wife could have been saved," the grieving Chen told mainland media, his grief combined with feelings of guilt that he had let down the mother of his daughter and of his unborn child.He had no answer to give his daughter when she asked where her mother was. He believes he can never recover from those wounds. Weng was one of the over 3,000recorded deaths from the virus SARS-CoV-2. The world watches in shock at the virulence of the infection and how quickly it spread around the globe in the past weeks. Starting in Wuhan, the virus spread throughout Hubei. It continues to wreak havoc in at least 70 countries. Among the most seriously affected are Japan, South Korea, Iran and Italy. The scourge was first identified in December, at a wet market in Wuhan. How did it start?Nobody is really certain. Conventional wisdom holds that it probably started in bats and passed to an intermediate host before jumping to humans. Bats are carriers of deadly viruses: rabies, SARS, Ebola among them. Rarely do bats get sick from these viruses. The natural immunity of bats is strong. That has led to some speculation that viruses become stronger and more deadly while attempting to adapt to bats' immune system. Humans have grappled with plagues reaping the lives of millions over millennia: the Plague of Justinian, the Black Death, the third Plague Pandemic in 1855. Collectively the viruses and bacteria that cause plagues are called "pathogens". Pathogens have played their role in human evolution. Simply stated, those of us who are here today are here because our ancestors survived the pathogens that ended the lineage of millions. Viruses need a host to survive. They are not necessarily enemies of the human species, though their effects on human populations can be devastating. Scientists describe a kind of tug-of-war going on between viruses and the hosts- a gameof moves and countermoves. Genetic mutations of viruses are confronted by immune responses. If the virus finally "outplays" the host's immune system, chances are the host will be infected. It's important to understand the mechanism of the virus's entering a host's cell and what happens next. Trajectory of viruses Viruses enter through "accommodating" receptors of host cells. Receptor cells in humans usually are in the form of proteins, able to identify malign intruders and stimulate the body's immune reaction. SARS-CoV-2, for example, seeks out receptors in the nasal passages, oral cavity or respiratory tract of the host. Once a virus has established a foothold in a human host, the virus reproduces itself, drawing on its host's vital resources. The genetic material or "viral genome" is copied, creating viral proteins. There are more replications. The finished viral particles then can migrate from the host cell to infect other cells. Current evidence suggests COVID-19 is not as deadly as SARS. It is the rapid spread of the disease that arouses so much fear. The emerging virus is among the tiniest microbes on Earth. As we weather the storm and steel ourselves against panic, many may wonder how the virus, invisible to all but the most powerful microscopes, could bring the whole world to a terrified standstill. Like all organisms, viruses "make mistakes" during their replication, better known as "mutations". Chances are they could make mistakes in replication of the viral RNA and add a wrong nucleotide - a key building block of RNA. As the virus replicates, the errors cannot be corrected. As a result, millions of its "offspring" inherit the mistakes in their genomes, explains Jurgen A. Richt,professor of infectious diseases at Kansas State University. The resultant variations acquire capabilities to infect different species, including humans. In addition to the great plagues, there have been numerous pandemics, spread from animals to humans over the past 50 years, including avian flu, swine flu, AIDS, Ebola and the current COVID-19. The odds of a virus jumping from animal to human, or other species actually are quite small, says Dirk Pfeiffer, professor of the infectious diseases and public health at the City University of Hong Kong. Whether a mutated virus can successfully transmit to a new species depends on whether the new species has accommodating receptors for the virus to enter,explains Pfeiffer. If the virus mutates, the genetic change may prevent it from effectively binding to a new host's cell receptors. Then the host likely is spared infection. The likelihood of a mutated virus infecting a new host also hinges on "how fit the virus is to survive the competition with other microbes in the host cell and how well it can adapt to the host cell's environment," says Pfeiffer. If it is able to attach to the cell receptors, "it now becomes a competition with the host's immune system," he continues. The virus' introduction to the host cell triggers the host's immune response. In the virus-host "arms race", if the virus manages to mutate to avoid or suppress the host's immune response, the virus likely will dominate the new host; otherwise, the host will narrowly escape the infection. There is also the question of the virulence of the organism - that is, the degree to which it is able to attack and damage its host, an important factor determining if it can complete the mission of infecting a new host. "So, there are lots of factors, which means for all those factors to come together to produce a killer virus. Luckily this has a fairly low probability,"stresses Pfeiffer. The genome of all organisms mutates, and viruses are not more likely to mutate than anything else, notesMatthewEvans, dean of science and professor of ecology at the University of Hong Kong. However, what tells them apart is "their (viruses') generation time is very short so there are more opportunities for mutations to happen". Nature retaliates Even though we are assured that viruses are innocuous in their initial state, it still can't stop us from expressing horror about the calamities they cause.They have something in common, which offers a clue about the trends in the incidence of infectious diseases. They all belong to "emerging infectious diseases", outbreaks of previously unknown in a population. Second, they are all believed to originate from wild animals before jumping to humans, being zoonotic diseases. Today more than 6 in every 10 known infectious diseases are considered zoonotic, and three-quarters of emerging infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "Imagine if the coronavirus happened 30 years ago; wemight just put a new coronavirus down to a bad flu or cold," says Evans. "But we have to acknowledge that human behaviors and practices have created chronic but tremendous damage to the ecosystem, sowing the seed of infectious diseases. "We humans have been encroaching on land once occupied only by wild animals," says Evans. With the world population approaching 8 billion, demand is ever-increasing for animal meat. Human's encroachment cuts deep into the wildlife habitat for pasturage.Food animals are thrust into closer contact with wildlife, creating a veritable laboratory, spreading new infections. Livestock are more vulnerable to diseases from virus carriers in the wild - bats, pangolins, rats and other carrion. Bats often shelter in farm buildings, Evans adds. "This was very evident during the early outbreaks of Nipah virus in Malaysia in 1998." Local fruit bats entered hog farms, and the Nipah virus infected the pigs. At the wet markets where live animals are peddled or butchered on-site, viruses attached to their offal are exposed to the air, putting people at risk. This is what is suspected to have happened with the first case of COVID-19. Some continue eating exotic animals, said Evans. Yuen Kwok-yung, chair of infectious disease at the Department of Microbiology at HKU, agrees, saying "We do not respect the existence of wild animals and their habitats. We have food animals to eat but still resort to eating wild animals. That is just poor morality, bad tradition and ugly habits." When people eat undercooked, virus-contaminated meat, they surely will be infected. Infection can occur even if meat is well-cooked because "there is cross-contamination in the kitchens during the slaughtering, and therefore eating utensils and the human hand transmit the virus," cautions Yuen. Eating exotic animals is much more dangerous in an industrialized city, particularly when the sanitary conditions are underregulated. "Epidemics do not happen in low-density populations - one infected person simply does not encounter enough native people for a disease to spread broadly," says Evans."You might wipe out a village but it probably won't affect the next village. But in a city, all of us encounter thousands of other people every day - an epidemic can occur." Ostentation and vanity are at work driving people to eat exotic animals. There's something they hope to gain from their strange consumption behavior, adds Richt. Aging also plays a crucial part in the massive transmission and death. Aging is accompanied by degenerative disorders and other age-related ailments, including diabetes, high blood pressure, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer, which suppress the human immune system. Therefore, the elderly with underlying diseases are easy targets for infection. That explains why elderly people make up a large group of infected people and deaths among COVID-19 patients. Ultimate solution Interestingly, nature in some ways has already posted warning signs against feasting on bats and other exotic animals. The grotesque appearance of the flying mammal is disgusting and removes the desire to eat it from most sane folks. The cravings of some people, however, are insatiable. The most sensible thing is for all people to stop eating exotic animals and shut down all businesses selling wild animals for food. It's a consensus among experts. All wild animals carry profuse diseases not widely understood.Lack of enforcement of trade controls on the movement of exotic animals must be addressed, stresses David Dudgeon, chair professor in ecology and biodiversity at HKU."In many cases, this might involve better enforcement of existing import regulations or agreements, such as the Convention in Trade in Endangered Species, rather than promulgation of new laws," Dudgeon says. The next novel infectious diseases will only be an uncertain certainty unless we, including the government agencies, do something to change the way we use wild animals and make up for the harm we have done to the ecosystem. Contact the writer at jenny@chinadailyhk.com  
WS5e618b78a31012821727cbc6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e618b78a31012821727cbc6.html	2020-03-06	No evidence for mother-to-child coronavirus transmission yet	Medical staff go over plans to treat an baby girl born to a COVID-19 infected woman in Chongqing. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] An infant tested positive for the novel coronavirus only 36 hours after being born to an infected mother in Wuhan earlier in February. The news left pregnant women worrying about their unborn babies. Up to now, there have been no cases, including among SARS and MERS patients, proving newborn coronavirus transmission, according to Liu Zhaofen, a researcher with the Chinese Preventive Medicine Association. The infection of the Wuhan infant is still under investigation and the possibility of respiratory transmission has not been excluded. A pathogen can infect the fetus through placenta during pregnancy or through blood to a baby's broken skin or mucous membranes during delivery. A study published on the Lancet on Feb 12 cited nine pregnant novel coronavirus cases, all giving birth to living and uninfected infants. Mother-to-child transmission is still unproven as there are not enough clinical cases yet. Newborn infants should be quarantined for at least 14 days and avoid breast milk. Despite this, trying to conceive is not recommended during the epidemic as pregnant women are more vulnerable to the pathogen. If infected, a pregnant woman must take medicines which is good for the fetus.
WS5e6159eba31012821727cb5d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e6159eba31012821727cb5d.html	2020-03-06	Senate passes $8.3 billion coronavirus bill, sending it to Trump	The Senate on Thursday passed more than $8 billion in funding to fight the coronavirus, sending the measure to President Trump, who is expected to sign it, according to The Hill.
WS5e6149b7a31012821727cb54	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e6149b7a31012821727cb54.html	2020-03-06	WHO chief warns against complacency in novel coronavirus fight	UK reports first death as outbreak continues to spread The World Health Organization, or WHO, warned on Thursday that some countries have not taken the threat posed by COVID-19 seriously enough and that risks becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus did not name specific countries but said the list is long. While the majority of COVID-19 cases are still in a handful of countries, Tedros said the WHO is deeply concerned about the increasing number of countries reporting cases, especially those with weaker health systems. He reiterated that the epidemic is a threat for every country, rich and poor, adding that "even high-income countries should expect surprises. "The solution is aggressive preparedness," he continued. "We're concerned that some countries have either not taken this seriously enough, or have decided there's nothing they can do." Rich European countries are not immune to the epidemic. Italy remains the European country hardest hit, with more than 3,000 cases and 107 deaths. On Thursday, France's Health Ministry reported two more deaths, taking the total to six, with 92 new confirmed cases taking the national total to 377, and the United Kingdom also reported its first death, as the number of positive cases rose to 115, 25 of which are in London. By Thursday morning the Brussels Times reported 27 new cases in Belgium, bringing the total number of people infected to 50. Tedros pointed out that in some countries, the level of political commitment and action taken did not match the level of threat the world faces. He warned that it is not a drill, not the time to give up, not a time for excuses. "This is a time for pulling out all the stops," he said. He said these are plans that start from the top, with leadership coordinating every part of government, not just the health ministry – security, diplomacy, finance, commerce, transport, trade, information, and more – the whole government should be involved. "Activate your emergency plans through that whole-government approach," he said. Tedros said that if countries act aggressively to find, isolate and treat cases, and to trace every contact, they can change the trajectory of this epidemic. "If we take the approach that there's nothing we can do, that will quickly become a self-fulfilling prophecy," he said. He emphasized that how deadly the virus will be depends not only on the virus itself, but on how people respond to it. "This is a serious disease. It is not deadly to most people, but it can kill," Tedros said. Michael Ryan, executive director of the WHO's health emergencies program, agreed, saying that some countries have demonstrated that it is possible to control the spread of the virus and slow it down. He explained that in that calculation, people have two chances to save lives. If you contain and suppress the virus, you save lives by making sure that vulnerable people are not exposed. And if they are exposed, you have more time to get your system ready to save the lives. "You get another shot at live-saving interventions," Ryan said.
WS5e613c20a31012821727cb50	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e613c20a31012821727cb50.html	2020-03-06	UK confirms its first novel coronavirus death	An elderly patient with underlying health issues has died after testing positive in the United Kingdom for the novel coronavirus. The Royal Berkshire NHS Trust said in a statement: "We can confirm that an older patient with underlying health conditions has died. The patient has previously been in and out of hospital for non-coronavirus reasons, but on this occasion was admitted and, last night, tested positive for coronavirus." The news comes after health authorities said there were more than 100 novel coronavirus cases in the UK.
WS5e6127fca31012821727cb40	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e6127fca31012821727cb40.html	2020-03-06	UK novel coronavirus cases rise to 115	People are pictured wearing protective face masks in London on March 2, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The number of novel coronavirus cases in the United Kingdom increased on Thursday to 115, health officials said. Chris Whitty, England's chief medical officer, said, as of Thursday at 9am, a further 25 patients in England had tested positive for the virus that causes the COVID-19 respiratory disease. "Seventeen were diagnosed who had recently traveled from recognized countries or from recognized clusters which were under investigation," Whitty said. "Eight patients were identified in the UK where it is not yet clear whether they contracted it directly or indirectly from an individual who had recently returned from abroad. This is being investigated and contact tracing has begun."
WS5e61924aa310a2fabb7a2b28	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/06/WS5e61924aa310a2fabb7a2b28.html	2020-03-06	New approach employed to collect company information amid novel coronavirus outbreak	Beijing has attached great importance to ensuring the safe reopening of businesses in commercial buildings and is using big data technology to collect company information amid the outbreak of the novel coronavirus pneumonia. According to an official from the Xicheng district market regulation bureau, they have set up a special team and spent two days developing an epidemic prevention and control information system for commercial buildings. Launched on Feb 9, the system can collect, audit and analyze data and publish new policies, enabling real-time data collection and sharing related to epidemic prevention and control in the buildings. Companies in the buildings can scan a QR code and submit information online. According to the local government, commercial buildings have adopted careful prevention and control measures, including strict entry registration, temperature measuring areas and disinfection. As of Feb 24, a total of 99 major financial institutions based in Beijing Financial Street have all resumed operation by adopting flexible working hours, working at home or rotating shifts. A leader of the building management department of Beijing Yintai Center said in late February that 60 of its 81 companies in the building had reopened, with only 10 percent of people working in the office. Most of the companies operate in the sectors of technology, culture and high-end services, he added. Most of the companies in Beijing's central business district have resumed operation. By late February, more than 90 percent of businesses in international finance, high-end business services, culture and media had reopened, according to the local government. Chaoyang district, with the most commercial buildings in Beijing, has released a series of policies to support operation resumption and epidemic prevention. According to Ji Lin, deputy Party secretary of Chaoyang district's Jianwai Street committee, a total of 2,229 companies in 139 commercial buildings in the street had signed liability statements by Feb 23 to report worker health information in time, and collect and analyze the information of buildings using intelligent tools. Chaoyang district has also released 18 measures to support the stable development of the companies. The district has encouraged commercial buildings, cultural creativity zones, high-tech parks and shopping malls to offer rent relief and provide incentives to promote business growth. Chaoyang has set up a special emergency renewal loan fund for small and medium-sized enterprises to relieve their financing pressure. According to the district government, rent reduction for 7,000 SMEs is estimated to cost more than 200 million yuan ($28.5 million).Some shopping malls and centers, including Chaoyang Joy City, will also reduce rent for more than 30 days. caoyingying@chinadaily.com.cn   An employee (right) working at China World Trade Center in downtown Beijing has his temperature checked by an infrared camera at the entrance to the business complex on Feb 12, with the aid of the center's staff. WEI XIAOHAO/CHINA DAILY    
WS5e611257a31012821727cb3d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e611257a31012821727cb3d.html	2020-03-05	South Africa confirms first coronavirus case	Zweli Mkhize, South Africa's minister of health, said on Thursday that the country's National Institute for Communicable Diseases, or NICD, has confirmed a case of the novel coronavirus after a man tested positive in Kwa-Zulu Natal province. Mkhize said the patient is a 38 year-old male who travelled to Italy with his wife, and that they were part of a group of ten people that arrived back in South Africa on March 1. "The couple have two children," Mkhize said. "The Emergency Operating Centre has identified the contacts by interviewing the patient and doctor. A tracer team has been deployed to Kwa-Zulu Natal with epidemiologists and clinicians from the NICD." According to the minister, the patient consulted a private general practitioner on March 3 exhibiting fever, headache, malaise and a sore throat. He had been self isolating since March 3. Mkhize said that the doctor who attended to the victim is also under self-isolation. The latest case brings to seven the number of countries in Africa affected by the coronavirus after Egypt, Algeria, Nigeria, Morocco, Senegal and Tunisia all reported confirmed cases. The news of the confirmed case in South Africa broke just as the country's parliament was holding a debate on the coronavirus and South Africa's readiness to deal with it.
WS5e60f5d6a31012821727cb08	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e60f5d6a31012821727cb08.html	2020-03-05	In Hong Kong, life goes on amid novel coronavirus outbreak	Transparent panels are set up to separate diners in a Hong Kong restaurant, on Feb 25, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] A staff member takes a customer's temperature at a store in Hong Kong, on Feb 26, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] A woman wearing a homemade face mask shops at a supermarket in Hong Kong, on March 4, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] People buy food at a market in Hong Kong, on Feb 27, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] Passengers wearing masks wait for a tram at a station in Hong Kong, on Feb 26, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] Passengers wear masks on a bus in Hong Kong, on Feb 27, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] Hong Kong residents wearing masks exercise at a park, on Feb 25, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] Children wearing masks enjoy a swing set in Hong Kong, on Feb 28, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] Children wearing masks play badminton in Hong Kong, on Feb 29, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] A woman wears a mask and covers her head and upper body with cloth as she walks on a street in Hong Kong, on Feb 29, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn] Residents wearing masks exercise outside in Hong Kong, on Feb 29, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e60f20ba31012821727caf3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e60f20ba31012821727caf3.html	2020-03-05	Major events in Africa postponed due to coronavirus concerns	With deaths related to coronavirus hitting 129 outside China, and 64 countries having reported over 8,000 confirmed cases, major conferences and sporting activities scheduled for March in Africa have been cancelled or postponed. The United Nations Economic Commission for Africa postponed its high-level ministerial conference slated for March 18-24 in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa. In a statement released on Tuesday, the UN agency said it has postponed the 2020 Conference of Ministers of Finance, Planning and Economic Development, as a precaution against coronavirus. "Following global health concerns pertaining to coronavirus and the need for added vigilance, upon consultation with partners, the ECA will postpone all public meetings until further notice," the statement said. The UN agency said that it will reach out to ministers to discuss member states' preparedness. On Thursday, the CEO Africa Forum organization team announced postponement of the event that was slated to take place on March 9-10 in Côte d'Ivoire's economic capital, Abidjan. "In light of the circumstances around the coronavirus, the organization team of the Africa CEO Forum took the decision last night to postpone the event to a later date," a statement sent to media organizations read. "We thank you for your continuous support and we would like to apologize for the inconvenience caused by this difficult decision." About 1,800 CEOs, financial leaders, heads of government and policymakers were expected to gather for the eighth edition of the event to rethink the role of African capitalism in this age of digital disruption with its attendant economic and political uncertainties. The Basketball Africa League campaign that was scheduled to kick off in the Senegalese capital, Dakar, on March 13alsohas been postponed due to coronavirus concerns. "Following the recommendation of the Senegalese government regarding the escalating health concerns related to coronavirus, the Basketball Africa League's inauguration season will be postponed," Amadou Gallo, the president of the league, said. "I'm disappointed that we are not able to tip off this historic league as scheduled, but look forward to the highly-anticipated launch at a later date," he said. The league, a partnership between the International Basketball Federation and the National Basketball Association, is a new professional league featuring 12 club teams from across Africa.
WS5e60b953a31012821727ca72	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e60b953a31012821727ca72.html	2020-03-05	Community healthcare center opens to non-coronavirus patients	A nurse in a protective suit takes care of a non-coronavirus patient at Zuoling Street Community Healthcare Center in Wuhan, March 5, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] A doctor treats a non-coronavirus patient at Zuoling Street Community Healthcare Center in Wuhan, March 5, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] A non-coronavirus patient consults with a medical worker at the reception area of Zuoling Street Community Healthcare Center in Wuhan, March 5, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Non-coronavirus patients wait to see the doctor at Zuoling Street Community Healthcare Center in Wuhan, March 5, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] A nurse in a protective suit takes care of a non-coronavirus patient at Zuoling Street Community Healthcare Center in Wuhan, March 5, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e60a225a31012821727c9ce	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e60a225a31012821727c9ce.html	2020-03-05	S. Korea declares new 'special care zone' as coronavirus spreads	A medical worker sprays disinfectant at Keimyung University Dongsan Medical Center where patients of the novel coronavirus disease of COVID-19 receive treatment in Daegu, South Korea, March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea declared a "special care zone" on Thursday around a second city hit hard by the coronavirus. Australia became the latest country to impose travel restrictions on South Koreans, with almost 100 nations now limiting arrivals from the East Asian country which reported 438 new coronavirus cases on Thursday for a total of 5,766. The South Korean government declared a "special care zone" around Gyeongsan, a city of about 275,000 people 250 kms (150 miles) southeast of Seoul, promising extra resources such as face masks and warning people from travelling there. Gyeongsan has seen a spike in new cases, including at a nursing home. Similar zones have been declared around neighbouring Daegu city and Cheongdo County. Around 75% of all cases in South Korea are in and around Daegu, the country's fourth-largest city, where the virus has spread rapidly through members of a religious group. "Everyday is sad and tough like a war. But our Daegu citizens are showing surprise wisdom and courage," Daegu Mayor Kwon Young-jin told reporters on Thursday. Officials said hospitals in the hardest hit areas were struggling to accommodate new patients. Daegu city officials said 2,117 patients were waiting for rooms in the city. Dozens of newly commissioned military nurses were due to begin work in Daegu on Thursday, the health ministry said. The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported three more deaths from the virus, bringing the total in the country to 35. Reuters
WS5e606f29a31012821727c8dc	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e606f29a31012821727c8dc.html	2020-03-05	Egyptian experts laud China's efforts in fighting coronavirus	Li Dong (C), minister counselor of the Chinese embassy in Egypt, poses for a group photo with Egyptian participants during a symposium themed "China and the World Challenge Coronavirus" in Cairo, Egypt, on March 3, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] CAIRO, March 4 (Xinhua) -- Egyptian experts have applauded China's all-out efforts in combating the novel coronavirus, as well as its transparency and credibility in dealing with the epidemic. The experts made the comments at a symposium, themed "China and the World Challenge Coronavirus," which was organized on Tuesday by Cairo-based Wisdom House Culture and Media Group. "China has been fighting the virus on behalf of the world," said Hassan Ragab, dean of the Faculty of Language and head of the Confucius Institute at Egypt's Suez Canal University. He noted that China has spared no efforts, money or knowledge to fight the virus (COVID-19), and "tackled the ordeal with transparency and credibility." "Though hundreds of millions of its people have stayed at home and worked via the internet, China has succeeded in maintaining work momentum," he said. Ragab expressed his confidence that "China will soon announce victory over the virus." Speaking of the ongoing visit to China by Egyptian Minister of Health Hala Zayed, Ragab said that there are a lot of opportunities for bilateral cooperation in the scientific research field and in the fight against the virus. Assigned by Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi, Zayed flew to China on Sunday to convey Egypt's solidarity with China in combating the novel coronavirus. Mostafa Ibrahim, vice president of the Chinese-Egyptian Business Council, said the outbreak of the coronavirus reflected that under any circumstance the world couldn't live without China, which has far-reaching exchanges with the rest of the world. Ibrahim said that many countries now realized the importance of China as the engine of global development and growth, as it plays a powerful role in world's economy and trade. Despite the virus outbreak, Ibrahim said it is expected that China will achieve a growth rate of 4 percent in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, compared to only 2 percent by the U.S. economy. Ahmad Sallam, former media consular at Egypt embassy in Beijing, also voiced his support for the Chinese people who have taken extremely strict precautionary measures for nearly two months to stop the spread of the virus. He noted that Zayed's visit to China will benefit Egypt, which has confirmed only two cases of COVID-19 so far. On Tuesday, Zayed said in Beijing that she had received the sixth edition of the guidelines on coronavirus diagnosis and treatment, as well as 1,000 virus scanners donated by China. Li Dong, minister counselor of the Chinese embassy in Egypt, told the symposium that the virus is a challenge for the international community and not just for China, which has taken the largest share of responsibility in fighting it. He said that China has taken all needed measures to meet its international obligations and responsibilities in the fight against the coronavirus. "A friend in need is a friend indeed," Li said, referring to Egypt's generous help to China in fighting the virus. Egypt has donated tons of medical supplies to China to combat the virus. Egypt also lit up on Sunday evening three famous historical sites in red and golden stars to resemble the national flag of China as a sign of showing solidarity. Li received a written letter of solidarity from the Egyptian participants of the symposium.
WS5e606a96a31012821727c88b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e606a96a31012821727c88b.html	2020-03-05	Novel heroes: Nurse inspires novel coronavirus patients with her victory over virus	Jia Na, an emergency ward nurse at the People's Hospital of Wuhan University, tested positive for the novel coronavirus on Jan 24. At first she was very frightened but soon adjusted her mentality to face the disease with a cool and positive mind. She quarantined herself, took medicine, and eventually recovered. She shared her experiences online, bringing hope to many patients. Now she has come back to work and donated her blood plasma to save others.
WS5e6057f6a31012821727c75e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e6057f6a31012821727c75e.html	2020-03-05	New coronavirus cases outside Hubei in single-digit growth trend	Regions on the Chinese mainland outside Hubei province, the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, have recorded single-digit growth in daily new infections for seven straight days, as the latest daily data update shows.  According to the National Health Commission, 139 newly confirmed cases were reported over the course of Wednesday, bringing the total to date up to 80,409 on the Chinese mainland.  With 31 additional deaths, a total of 3,012 people have died of the pathogen, according to data released by the commission on Thursday morning.  The bulk of new infections were reported from Hubei, and only five cases were added from elsewhere. All the new fatalities on the Chinese mainland occurred in the province.  It also said 2,189 people were discharged from hospitals over the course of Wednesday, bringing the total on the Chinese mainland up to 52,045.  With a reduction of 464 patients exhibiting serious symptoms over the course of Wednesday, the number of such patients now stands at 5,952. To date, 25,352 patients are still hospitalized.  There are now 522 suspected infections on the Chinese mainland, and 143 of them were registered on Wednesday.  Among the 669,025 people who have so far been traced for their close contact with infected patients, 32,870 are still under medical observation, it said.  In Hubei, 134 cases were counted over the course of Wednesday for a total of 67,466, the commission said.  To date, 2,902 people in the province have died of the virus as of Wednesday midnight and 31 of them succumbed to it on the day, it said.  The Hubei provincial capital of Wuhan remains as the city with the majority of the newly confirmed cases and new fatalities.  The city registered 131 additional infections on Wednesday, bringing up confirmed cases to date in the city to 49,671. With 23 new deaths, a total of 2,305 people in the provincial capital have died of the virus.  With another two imported cases from overseas, a total of 20 such cases have been counted as of Wednesday midnight.
WS5e60563da31012821727c72c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e60563da31012821727c72c.html	2020-03-05	French Cup continues despite coronavirus concerns, PSG thrash Lyon 5-1 in semis	Paris St Germain's Kylian Mbappe and team mates celebrate their second goal, scored by Neymar from the penalty spot, March 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] PARIS - The semifinals of the French Cup has been played on schedule amid the growing concerns over the spreading of coronavirus, as Kylian Mbappe's hat-trick sent Paris Saint-Germain into the final with an overwhelming 5-1 win at Lyon on Wednesday. The French striker scored the equaliser for PSG only three minutes after Martin Terrie's opener in the 11th minute. The 21-year-old also contributed a stellar individual performance in the 70th minute, running the ball from the left and embarrassing Bruno Guimaraes and Marcelo before to slot past Lyon's goalkeeper Anthony Lopes. His third of the game came in the stoppage time, tapping home Neymar's cross to beat Lopes again. Brazilian star Neymar converted a penalty to put the visitors 2-1 lead in the 64th minute, after the confirmation of the handball by VAR, while Fernando Marcal was dismissed after being handed his second yellow card. Pablo Sarabia added a goal nine minutes to the regular time with a low strike from the edge of the penalty area following the chaos of Lyon's defence caused by a PSG corner. Saint-Etienne will host Rennes in the other semifinal on Thursday. The final is scheduled for April 25th at Stade de France.
WS5e605618a31012821727c726	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e605618a31012821727c726.html	2020-03-05	London Book Fair cancelled over coronavirus fears	[Photo/Wechat] The London Book Fair, one of the biggest events in the literary calendar, was called off Wednesday on concerns of the novel coronavirus outbreak. "Reed Exhibitions has today announced that The London Book Fair 2020, scheduled to take place at Olympia, London, from 10 to 12 March will be cancelled following the escalation of COVID-19 in Europe," said a statement from organisers Reed Exhibitions. The announcement was made following cancellations Tuesday by publishers and agencies including Curtis Brown, one of the oldest literary agencies in Europe. Other publishers, including Penguin Random House, HarperCollins and Hachette, had already pulled out, said the London-based newspaper The Guardian. "The effects, actual and projected, of coronavirus are becoming evident across all aspects of our lives here in the UK and across the world, with many of our participants facing travel restrictions...it is with reluctance that we have taken the decision not to go ahead with this year's event," read the statement, adding that the event will return in 2021. The London Book Fair is one of the global marketplaces for rights negotiation and the sale and distribution of content across print, audio, TV, film and digital channels.
WS5e605452a31012821727c702	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e605452a31012821727c702.html	2020-03-05	World Bank offers aid to rein in coronavirus	  A participant stands near a logo of World Bank at the International Monetary Fund - World Bank Annual Meeting 2018 in Nusa Dua, Bali, Indonesia, Oct 12, 2018. [Photo/Agencies] WASHINGTON－The World Bank unveiled a $12 billion aid package on Tuesday that will provide fast-tracked funds to help countries combat the novel coronavirus outbreak. "The goal is to provide fast, effective action that responds to country needs," World Bank President David Malpass said. He said it is critical to "recognize the extra burden on poor countries" least equipped in the struggle to prevent the spread of the virus. The funds, some of which are targeted to the world's poorest nations, can be used for medical equipment or health services and will include expertise and policy advice, the bank said in a statement. Malpass said the money－$8 billion of which is new－will go to countries that request help. The bank has been in contact with many member nations, but he did not specify which are likely to be the first to receive aid. "The point is to move fast. Speed is needed to save lives," he said in a conference call. "We want to make the best use of the World Bank's extensive resources and global expertise and the historical knowledge of crises," he said, citing similar crisis funding to combat the Ebola and Zika outbreaks in recent years. Meanwhile, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday that the spring gathering of finance ministers and central bankers held in Washington in April will be shifted to a "virtual format" due to the outbreak. The twice-yearly meetings of the development lending institutions attract thousands of officials, journalists and private-sector participants from 180 member countries－just the kind of gathering health authorities say should be avoided. Malpass and IMF chief Kristalina Georgieva said in a joint statement that "given growing health concerns related to the virus", they will switch "to a virtual format" for the meetings set for April 16-18. "We remain fully committed to maintaining a productive dialogue with our stakeholders and will leverage our IT-related and virtual connection capabilities to the fullest to hold our essential policy consultations with the membership," the statement said. The IMF and the World Bank hold their spring meetings yearly in April and their annual meetings in October, when finance ministers and central bank governors discuss global economic and financial developments. But the meetings include a host of side gatherings, panels, conferences and related events all around Washington－except every third year, when the October meeting is moved to a member country. Agencies - Via - Xinhua
WS5e6046d0a310a2fabb7a2a81	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/05/WS5e6046d0a310a2fabb7a2a81.html	2020-03-05	Coronavirus battle requires more coordination with central govt to succeed	To ensure the smooth, long-term implementation of "one country, two systems", it is imperative that detailed arrangements and execution procedures for integrating the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region's high degree of autonomy with the central government's overall jurisdiction over the SAR are optimized in a timely manner. In view of the actual situation in Hong Kong, we must from now on focus on establishing and enhancing the relevant arrangements and procedures for the central government to exercise its overall jurisdiction over Hong Kong. This has been justified once again in the current battle against the novel coronavirus. Since the SAR started tackling the epidemic, there have been only a few occasions where the central government authorities' assistance to Hong Kong in the fight against COVID-19 was acknowledged; no one in Hong Kong has mentioned that the battle in the SAR is actually part of the national anti-epidemic campaign. At two of the press conferences organized by the SAR government, officials talked only about taking the recommendations of the World Health Organization as guidelines to combat the novel coronavirus, without mentioning any of President Xi Jinping's relevant instructions. Some people might have the impression that Hong Kong's battle against the epidemic is part of the international community's efforts, but not part of the national anti-epidemic campaign. In terms of specific measures safeguarding public health, Hong Kong has nearly shut down the flow of all personnel between the city and the Chinese mainland, in stark contrast to Macao, which chose not do to so. In particular, Macao's chief executive openly declared that it would be unreasonable for the Macao SAR to request relief supplies such as face masks from the central government, as these materials are much urgently needed on the mainland. Hong Kong did the opposite - limiting the flow of personnel but not of materials. It even asked for surgical masks from the central government. Hong Kong has virtually prevented all mainland residents from entering the city on the ground of disease prevention and control. On the other hand, it sees the mainland as the primary source of relief supplies and daily necessities. Is that what "one country, two systems" entails? Certainly not! This is a selfish interpretation and distorted implementation of the political framework. Hong Kong is supposed to do a better job in coping with the coronavirus epidemic after a virtual shutdown on cross-border personnel flow between the city and the mainland. In reality, panic took over the city, with people snatching up food, toilet paper and other daily necessities in supermarkets. With imported infection cases from the mainland having been effectively stopped, Hong Kong society disappointedly found out that the city simply does not have sufficient capacity to deal with the coronavirus outbreak. For instance, because of the strong objection of local residents plagued by a "not in my backyard" mindset as well as disruptive efforts of opposition saboteurs, the SAR government has been struggling to set up enough facilities to quarantine infected patients or close contacts. At least 2,000 Hong Kong residents remain stranded in Hubei province after the SAR government's initiative to fly back over 500 of them at the request of the public and those trapped at the epicenter of the epidemic. The move to bring them home has been somewhat hindered by the lack of sufficient quarantine facilities in Hong Kong. Currently, the four quarantine centers providing a total of 150 beds are approaching full capacity. The shortage of surgical masks is another example that proves Hong Kong's insufficient capacity to cope with the epidemic. Seeing the SAR government's unsuccessful attempts to procure enough masks from overseas sources, the central government dispatched 17 million masks to the SAR despite the much-more severe shortage of face masks on the mainland. Obviously, these masks can provide only temporary relief. The SAR government has decided to subsidize the production of face masks locally. But it remains unclear when and whether the city can become self-reliant in mask supply. To put it more directly, the urgently needed masks and new quarantine center are still nowhere to be seen. In pressuring the SAR government to completely shut down the access of mainland residents to Hong Kong, members of the opposition camp were trying to build the case that Hong Kong was operating separately under the "two systems" setup. This was an attempt to emphasize the differences between the "two systems" while downplaying the importance of "one country", with the ultimate objective of denying the central government's overall jurisdiction over Hong Kong. The SAR's inability to more efficiently and effectively tackle the epidemic in a way reflects a deficiency in political energy. Hong Kong needs stronger central government guidance and leadership on policy formulation and implementation in order to effectively implement "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy in the SAR. The situation would be different had Hong Kong proactively made itself part of the national campaign against COVID-19 and recognized its inadequacy in policymaking and governance. Macao's success in putting the disease under control has proved this point. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.
WS5e5fb3cea31012821727c59d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5fb3cea31012821727c59d.html	2020-03-04	'Plan' is key word for containing novel coronavirus	The key word for containing the novel coronavirus is plan, said Du Bin, a medical expert who has been treating patients infected with novel coronavirus in Wuhan, the capital of Central China's Hubei province. Countries must have a plan for every suspected patient who goes to a fever clinic, general outpatient clinic or even an inpatient department, Du said at a news conference on Wednesday. He said countries also must have a plan on how to detect suspected cases according to clinical manifestations and laboratory tests, such as for lymphopenia, or a CT scan.
WS5e5fb066a31012821727c58f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5fb066a31012821727c58f.html	2020-03-04	Chinese doctors testing performance of drugs to treat novel coronavirus	China is happy to share the results of clinical trials on drugs to treat novel coronavirus with the rest of the world in the effort to fight against the disease, a medical expert said on Wednesday. Cao Bin, vice-president of China-Japan Friendship Hospital, said at a news conference on Wednesday that Chinese doctors are testing the performance of lopinavir and remdesivir on patients with COVID-19, and the clinical trial on lopinavir has been finished. The WHO and international society are all eager to know the results of the clinical trials in the Chinese mainland. ... We will share the results with the rest of the world as soon as possible," he said. Cao also said there are two trials on remdesivir underway on the Chinese mainland -- one includes mild to moderate cases and the other is aimed at severe and critical cases -- and it seems both are going on successfully. Remdesivir, which kickstarted a phase III trial in China on Feb 3, was originally developed for Ebola. The study, expected to be completed on April 27, is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of remdesivir in hospitalized adult patients with mild and moderate infections. "As soon as we finish the trials, we will be happy to share the data with international society," Cao said, adding that he believes the clinical trials will be a great contribution by Chinese doctors to the world.
WS5e5fb041a31012821727c58c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5fb041a31012821727c58c.html	2020-03-04	Rare case shows novel coronavirus could attack central nervous system	A doctor in Beijing warned that the novel coronavirus could attack the central nervous system, as shown in a rare case. A 56-year-old novel coronavirus patient known to have encephalitis was discharged on Wednesday from Beijing Ditan Hospital -- a major battleground for the SARS outbreak in 2003, according to hospital authorities. The patient, admitted on Jan 24, was the first among some 150 coronavirus patients the hospital has treated since Jan 12, the hospital said. Liu Jingyuan, the doctor in charge of the patient, said therapists should consider the possibility that novel coronavirus has attacked the central nervous system if patients show dysfunction of consciousness. Novel coronavirus patients who have shown nervous disorders were relatively rare compared with respiratory and cardiac complications, the hospital said.
WS5e5fa6daa31012821727c56f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5fa6daa31012821727c56f.html	2020-03-04	Beijing drafts first clinical pathway of novel coronavirus cases	[Photo/Agencies] Beijing drafted China's first clinical pathway of the novel coronavirus cases in the capital to improve the recovery rate for the disease, in accordance with hospitalization process, medical diagnosis and nursing care for infected patients, according to a Wednesday media briefing in Beijing on battling the virus. The first edition of the clinical pathway of novel coronavirus cases in Beijing include show suspected cases and those confirmed would be treated at hospitals, and differentiating individual treatment plans for the infected based on their severity. Issuing the capital's novel coronavirus clinical pathway is aimed at helping more clinical doctors to provide convenience in tracking a patient's disease in diagnosis and standardizing the diagnostic process. The clinical pathway of Beijing's novel coronavirus cases had already been made public Tuesday on the official websites of Beijing Medical Association and Beijing Medical Doctor Association.
WS5e5f7b10a31012821727c528	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5f7b10a31012821727c528.html	2020-03-04	Auction house helps fight coronavirus	On Tuesday, China Guardian, a major player in China’s art market, wrapped up its week-long online charity auction, attracting tens of thousands of viewers. 168 items donated by artists, collectors and art institutions from China and abroad were successfully auctioned off, fetching a total of 15,745,600 yuan ($2,269,931).. All money raised through the auction will be donated to help front-line medical workers in the battle against the epidemic, said Hu Yanyan, director and president of China Guardian. In early February, in a timely response to the China Association of Auctioneers’ initiative to support Wuhan, the outbreak epicenter, the auction house donated 1 million yuan ($142,887.8) through the Dongrun Foundation to the special fund for the welfare of outstanding medical workers in fighting the epidemic and the education of their children. The second day after the auction, China Guardian has already collected 63 percent of all the payments and it will finish collecting the rest as soon as possible to give them to the beneficiaries through the special fund, the auction house said in a recent press release. As of Tuesday, the special fund has offered financial assistance to 11 groups of 481 front-line medical professionals and their children. Children of 11 doctors who have unfortunately died while fighting the epidemic were among the beneficiaries. Now let’s take a look at some of the top items from the Tuesday charity auction. Zhang Xiaogang’s Boy in a Breton Top (2008), price realized 1.8 million yuan ($259,474) [Photo/Cguardian.com] Leng Jun’s Clouds (2019), price realized 1.6 million yuan ($230,644) [Photo/Cguardian.com] Cai Guoqiang’s The Shadow of Bats (2020), price realized: 980,000 yuan ($141,269) [Photo/Cguardian.com] Fan Di’an’ Standing Upright (2020), price realized 640,000 yuan ($922,58) [Photo/Cguardian.com] Zhou Chunya’s Oath in the Peach Garden (2006), price realized 560,000 yuan ($807,25) [Photo/Cguardian.com] Shang Yang’s R Land-4 (2010), price realized 500,000 yuan ($720,76) [Photo/Cguardian.com] Fang Chuxiong’s Rooster, price realized 460,000 yuan ($663,10) [Photo/Cguardian.com] Li Jin’s Reading Classics to Fight the Epidemic (2020),price realized 430,000 yuan ($619,86) [Photo/Cguardian.com]    
WS5e5f6993a31012821727c4ce	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5f6993a31012821727c4ce.html	2020-03-04	Novel coronavirus pneumonia cases in Xiamen cleared	[Sun Shaobo/China Daily] Thirty-five patients who had been confirmed with novel coronavirus pneumonia in Xiamen, East China's Fujian province, have been cleared and discharged from the hospital, the Xiamen Municipal Health Commission said on Wednesday. The commission said Xiamen had no confirmed or suspected cases in recent days. Thirty people were still under observation. The commission said Xiamen had gathered its best medical resources and dispatched 51 essential medical workers from hospitals with 3A grades - the highest of China's three-tier grading system for public hospitals - since Jan 22 to other designated hospitals. The medical teams include 32 doctors and 106 nurses. The designated hospitals also built a municipal remote treatment and command platform for seriously ill patients, and provincial experts were invited to provide remote or clinical consulting, the commission said. Going further, Xiamen will strengthen its joint prevention and control efforts, rigorously carry out precise preventive measures by region and epidemic grade and promote screening, services and administration of key populations at risk. It also will provide care to front-line medical workers and serve companies to help them resume production, it said. Huang Siyu contributed to this story.
WS5e5f6915a31012821727c4c7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5f6915a31012821727c4c7.html	2020-03-04	Foreigners in Jiangsu steer clear of coronavirus	None of the 40,000 foreigners who live and work in Jiangsu province have been infected with the novel coronavirus since it broke out in January, according to the province's top leaders. To provide timely information on the coronavirus to foreigners, the province releases information on its mainstream media every day in three foreign languages — English, Japanese and Korean. Some cities' governments also give prevention suggestions on social media. Many foreigners have worked as volunteers to help local communities contain the spread of the virus. Lou Qinjian, Party secretary of the province, said Jiangsu has always provided good service to foreign-invested companies, which have served as an important driver of the province’s economic development. A letter addressed to foreign entrepreneurs on Monday from Lou and Wu Zhenglong, the provincial governor, said the province has sufficient medical resources and prevention measures in place to protect foreigners living there. It also said the province will provide better services to help companies overcome any difficulties in resuming production and developing further.
WS5e5f13b7a31012821727c2f4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5f13b7a31012821727c2f4.html	2020-03-04	119 new confirmed coronavirus cases on mainland	[Cai Meng/China Daily] A total of 119 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infections and 38 new deaths were reported on Tuesday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 80,270 and 2,981 respectively, the National Health Commission said Wednesday morning. As of Tuesday midnight, there were 27,433 confirmed cases around the country. Another 143 new suspected cases were reported on the mainland, with a total of 520 still suspected of being infected with the virus. Also on Tuesday, 2,652 people were discharged from the hospital after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 390 to 6,416. A total of 49,856 people had been discharged from hospitals after recovery as of Tuesday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 666,397 people with close contact with patients, and among them, 6,250 were discharged from medical observation Tuesday, with 36,432 others still under medical observation. Hubei province, center of the epidemic outbreak, reported 115 new confirmed cases and 37 new deaths on Tuesday, bringing the two numbers to 67,332, and 2,871, respectively. The province also reported 340 new suspected cases. As of Tuesday, Hubei still had 25,905 confirmed cases, with 6,232 in severe condition. The province also saw 2,389 patients discharged from hospitals after recovery on Tuesday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 38,556, according to the National health commission. A total of 152 confirmed cases have been reported from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan as of Tuesday. Hong Kong reported 100 cases including two deaths, Macao reported 10 and Taiwan had 42 with one death.
WS5e5f0c2ba31012821727c296	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5f0c2ba31012821727c296.html	2020-03-04	President Xi's remarks on the novel coronavirus	None
WS5e5efda0a31012821727c17a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5efda0a31012821727c17a.html	2020-03-04	Italy may set up new quarantine zone as coronavirus death toll jumps	A woman wearing a protective face mask to prevent contracting the coronavirus sits inside a train at a subway station in Milan, Italy, March 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - Italy's health authorities said on Tuesday they may set up a new quarantine red zone to try to contain the coronavirus outbreak in Europe's worst-hit country, after the death toll and the number of cases jumped. Twenty-seven people died of the highly con   tagious illness in Italy over the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of dead to 79, the Civil Protection Agency said. The increase in deaths was the largest since the outbreak surfaced 12 days ago in the wealthy northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto. It remains centered in the north, with Lombardy by far the worst affected, but it has since spread south and infections have now been confirmed in all but one of Italy's 20 regions. The total number of cases rose to 2,502 from 2,036 on Monday. One of the dead was aged 55, the youngest patient so far to have succumbed to the illness in Italy. Another was a 61-year-old doctor who was not known to have underlying health problems, unlike the vast majority of previous victims. "None of us can be sure about the future evolution of the disease. This is an important week to understand what will happen," Angelo Borrelli, head of the Civil Protection Agency, told a news conference. A high concentration of new cases has emerged around the city of Bergamo, northeast of the financial capital Milan, and the head of the national health institute told reporters a new red zone may be imposed there to try to stem the rise. Shortly after the contagion first came to light on Feb. 20, the government imposed a quarantine on two areas - one encompassing 10 Lombardy towns southeast of Milan, and another, smaller red zone in the region of Veneto to the east. Inhabitants are blocked inside the affected towns and police prevent any outsiders from entering. Among the new cases announced on Tuesday were two magistrates who worked in Milan's courtroom and a newborn baby in Bergamo. It was not clear how the child contracted the virus. WINE FAIR CANCELLED The outbreak has heavily disrupted daily life in Italy's most affluent and productive regions, with schools closed and many public events cancelled including fashion shows and top-flight football matches. Vinitaly, one of the world's largest wine fairs that is held annually in the northern city of Verona, announced on Tuesday it was postponing the 2020 edition from April to June. Industry lobby Confindustria forecast on Tuesday that the economy, which was already teetering on the edge of recession before the outbreak, would contract in both the first and second quarters of this year. National Health Institute chief Silvio Brusaferro urged Italians to wash their hands frequently, remain at least a metre (yard) apart, refrain from hugging each other and avoid crowded places. "The most important recommendation is to adopt lifestyles that can help us interrupt transmission channels," he said. The disruption to the football season has upset millions of fans and sparked quarrelling among the sport's administrators. Inter Milan football club chief Steven Zhang labelled the president of Serie A a "clown" due to last-minute decisions made by league officials about whether matches should be played. He accused League officials of caring more about fixture lists than public health. The head of Italy's Olympic committee, Giovanni Malago, called for the arguing to stop. "This does Italy no honour," he told La Repubblica newspaper in an interview. "We have to tackle this in an adult way because we are facing an event that is not just rare, it's unique." (Additional reporting by Giulia Segreti, Philip Pullella and and Emilio Parodi Editing by Crispian Balmer and Mark Heinrich)  
WS5e5ee878a31012821727c0f4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5ee878a31012821727c0f4.html	2020-03-04	Can ultraviolet light kill the novel coronavirus?	[Photo/VCG] According to the latest guideline on the diagnosis and treatment of the novel coronavirus released by the National Health Commission, the virus is sensitive to ultraviolet light and heat, so ultraviolet radiation can effectively eliminate the virus. According to the guideline, indoor spaces should be disinfected with ultraviolet light with an intensity of over 1.5 watts per cubic meter. A UV lamp can disinfect objects within one meter for at least half an hour. Longer exposure to radiation is needed when the temperature indoors is below 20 C or above 40 C and relative humidity is over 60 percent. A room should be ventilated after UV disinfection, and people are suggested to enter the room half an hour later. Although UV is effective in killing the virus indoors, UV lamps should not be used to sterilize hands or other areas of skin, as the radiation can cause skin irritation. Please feel free to contact us by sending your questions to question@chinadaily.com.cn or commenting on China Daily app. We will ask experts to answer them.
WS5e5eda68a31012821727c0a7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5eda68a31012821727c0a7.html	2020-03-04	By the numbers: War on novel coronavirus	More than 330 medical teams, 40,000 medical personnel, various living supplies and medical equipment... In the face of the epidemic, people across China have been working together to help Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak. Check out the video to see some figures that mark China's latest war against the epidemic.
WS5e5e81e5a31012821727c074	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/04/WS5e5e81e5a31012821727c074.html	2020-03-04	Chechens 'fight' coronavirus by consuming garlic	The smell of wild garlic fills the air in Grozny, as thousands gather for the annual Honk Fest, seeking fun and good health. The festival gives people the opportunity to try wild garlic dishes that locals believe to contain health benefits. Chechen Republic tourism minister, Muslim Baytaziev, said the vegetable can help to fight the coronavirus, as it helps to strengthen immunity.
WS5e5e0378a31012821727bf3d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5e0378a31012821727bf3d.html	2020-03-03	Hainan's fight against the novel coronavirus - strict measures	None
WS5e5e010ea31012821727bf29	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5e010ea31012821727bf29.html	2020-03-03	Double lung transplant performed on coronavirus patient in Wuxi	None
WS5e5dfe7da31012821727bf22	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5dfe7da31012821727bf22.html	2020-03-03	Coronavirus vaccines being tested on animals	None
WS5e5ddd4ba31012821727be87	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5ddd4ba31012821727be87.html	2020-03-03	Louvre closes for second day as staff walk out over coronavirus risks	File photo taken on March 11, 2019 shows a tourist posing for a photo in front of the Louvre Museum in Paris, France. The Louvre Museum was shut down on March 1 due to the spreading coronavirus epidemic. [Photo/Xinhua] PARIS, March 2 - The Louvre museum in Paris shut its doors to art lovers and tourists for a second day on Monday after staff walked out over health risks associated with the coronavirus. Queues quickly formed in the morning rain outside the world's most visited museum, home to Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa and the Venus de Milo sculpture. French law gives workers the 'droit de retraite' -- or 'right to withdraw' -- under legislation introduced by Socialist President Francois Mitterrand in the early 1980s, if they feel there is a clear and imminent danger to their safety. At the Louvre, a large majority of some 300 workers voted in favour of the walkout unless the museum's management provided disinfectant gels and reinstated glass barriers between reception staff and visitors, Le Parisien reported. A notice at the main entrance told visitors: "We will inform you about a potential opening time as soon as possible." The French government has banned public gatherings of more than 5,000 people as it battles to contain an outbreak in France that has killed at least two people and infected more than 130. The measure does not cover museums, tourist venues and theme parks and the Louvre's management said all necessary precautions were in place to ensure the museum could operate normally. "It is not necessary to close the museum under the current circumstances," the Louvre's general administrator Maxence Langlois-Berthelot told reporters. "We are putting into action all the measures which the authorities require of us." Disneyland Paris in Chessy, 32 kilometres (19.88 miles) east of central Paris, was open as normal on Monday, a representative said. The Eiffel Tower was also operating normally. French labour law specialists warned that workers in other roles that involve close contact with the public - including public transport, hospitals, schools and supermarkets - might also invoke their right to walk out unless employers boosted protections against virus transmission. "We are just at the start," said Stephane Beal, head of labour law at legal firm Fidal. Two unions at the Paris bus and metro operator RATP said they were following the outbreak carefully. REUTERS
WS5e5dce7ea31012821727be4f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5dce7ea31012821727be4f.html	2020-03-03	HK reports 100th coronavirus case	A woman and her child wearing facemasks look out at Victoria Harbour from the Star Ferry in Hong Kong on Feb 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Hong Kong's total number of coronavirus cases reached 100 on Monday after the city reported two more confirmed infections, involving a man who had been in close contact with a virus-stricken patient and a woman who had returned from the Diamond Princess cruise ship. The 99th case is a 68-year-old woman with underlying illnesses who was among the suspected patients on Sunday. She returned to Hong Kong on a government-chartered flight on Feb 22 from the cruise ship docked in Japan, and developed a fever and a cough. She is in stable condition. The 100th case involves a 63-year-old man with an underlying illness, who is the older brother of a 60-year-old female patient confirmed to have the virus on Feb 25. He was asymptomatic and had earlier been sent to a quarantine center as a close contact of an infected patient. He had no travel history during the incubation period of the virus. A 56-year-old man with a record of good health tested initially positive for the pathogen, and is awaiting a final diagnosis. He had also returned from the Diamond Princess, which saw over 700 people on board infected with the virus. The SAR's health authorities urged the public to always keep a safe distance from other people when socializing, as Hong Kong is experiencing a "small-scale community outbreak" of the coronavirus. At a press briefing on Monday, Chuang Shuk-kwan, head of the communicable disease branch of the Centre for Health Protection of the Department of Health, advised members of the public to avoid social activities to minimize the risk of contracting the disease in small gatherings. She noted that many confirmed patients in the city had contracted the disease from people they came into contact with, including a cluster of 16 infections linked to a Buddhist worship hall at a residential building in North Point. Another 13 infections were linked to a family hotpot gathering during the Lunar New Year holiday. In another development, the Macao government on Monday has resumed operation and the city's casinos have fully reopened for business. Long lines of people were seen at government buildings. Anyone entering government buildings has to have their body temperature checked and produce a valid health certificate. Entertainment venues, including casinos, bars and clubs, have to comply with quarantine guidelines. This includes all employees having to wear face masks; people with respiratory symptoms will be banned from entering. As of Monday, eight of Macao's 10 patients had been discharged from hospitals.
WS5e5dc2f6a31012821727bdb1	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5dc2f6a31012821727bdb1.html	2020-03-03	Johnson says coronavirus likely to get worse in UK as Cabinet meeting agrees on plan	  British Prime Minister Boris Johnson. [Photo/Xinhua] British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in the United Kingdom is "likely to become more significant" after the number of recorded cases across England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland rose to 40. On Monday, Johnson chaired an emergency COBRA meeting, along with senior Cabinet members and medical advisors. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon took part via video link, but London Mayor Sadiq Khan was not invited, with a Downing Street spokesperson saying "London is a local area". "We've agreed a plan so that if and when it starts to spread, as I'm afraid it looks likely it will, we are in a position to take the steps that will be necessary," Johnson told journalists after the meeting. After the front pages talked of the potential shutdown of cities if the situation grew worse, Johnson stressed that people should "go about business as usual" and added that the country is "very, very well prepared". It is understood that the governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, and Chancellor Rishi Sunak have had discussions about the potential economic impact of the outbreak. Earlier, Paul Cosford, emeritus medical director of Public Health England, told Sky News the geographical spread of cases meant widespread transmission was increasingly likely. "We have to be prepared for that, and a range of different eventualities, and it's right to say that some of those might be quite challenging for us," he said. He said there was a limit to what the public could do to slow down the infection, but basic precautions, including increased personal hygiene and "being wise in our use of our health services" would help. Scotland's first case, identified on Sunday, is someone who had recently returned from Italy, and, in London, Wimbledon College school has shut for a week after a staff member, also recently returned from Italy, tested positive. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen (left) speaks during a news conference regarding the novel coronavirus at the Emergency Response Coordination Center in Brussels on Monday alongside European Commissioner for Home Affairs Ylva Johansson (center) and European Commissioner for Transport Adina Valean. [VIRGINIA MAYO/THE ASSOCIATED PRESS] During the weekend, the suggestion recently retired doctors and nurses could be called back into work sharply divided opinion, with critics pointing out that figures obtained through a freedom of information request last year showed that more than 22,000 European Union nationals had left jobs in the National Health Service since the Brexit referendum in 2016. On Monday, it was reported that the combined issue of the novel coronavirus and Brexit was causing a high-level split. The Daily Telegraph said the Department of Health wanted the country to retain access to the EU Early Warning and Response System as part of Britain's divorce terms from the EU that the government has until the end of the year to agree. But the paper claimed the British negotiating team, which reports directly to Johnson, rejected the idea as it wants to maintain "red lines" so as not to show weakness in the negotiation process. Elsewhere in Europe, the first cases have been reported in the Czech Republic－two Czech citizens and one United States national, and the death toll in Italy has risen to 52, the highest of any country outside China. Overall Italy's number of cases has now risen to more than two thousand, but the head of the country's Civil Protection Agency said that 149 patients had now recovered from the infection. Irish budget airline Ryanair is reducing flights to Italy by 25 percent for the next three weeks because of a significant fall in bookings but said it was "too early to speculate what impact the COVID-19 outbreak will have" on its business. The European Centre for Disease Control and Prevention has said the risk level has increased from moderate to moderate-to-high, but rejected a suggestion by European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen that the risk was in fact high.
WS5e5dad2fa31012821727bc77	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5dad2fa31012821727bc77.html	2020-03-03	New coronavirus infections continue downward trend	[Sun Shaobo/China Daily] A total of 125 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection and 31 deaths were reported on Monday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 80,151 and 2,943 respectively, the National Health Commission said Tuesday morning. The daily new infections continued their downward trend, with the majority of new confirmed cases coming from Hubei province, center of the outbreak. The country saw 202 new infections on Sunday and 573 new cases on Saturday. All new deaths were in Hubei province, it said, adding with another 129 new suspected cases Monday, a total of 587 people were still suspected of being infected with the virus. Also on Monday, 2,742 people were discharged from hospital after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 304 to 6,806. A total of 47,204 people had been discharged from hospital after recovery as of Monday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 664,899 people with close contact with patients, adding that among them, 7,650 were discharged from medical observation on Monday, with 40,651 others still under medical observation. By the end of Monday, 100 confirmed cases including two deaths had been reported in Hong Kong, 10 confirmed cases in Macao, and 41 in Taiwan including one death. 36 patients in Hong Kong, eight in Macao and 12 in Taiwan have been discharged from hospital after recovery. Hubei province reported 114 new confirmed cases of the virus and 31 new deaths on Monday. The latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the hard-hit province to 67,217 and total deaths to 2,834. Wuhan, the provincial capital, reported 111 new confirmed cases and 24 new deaths on Monday. In total, the city has registered 49,426 confirmed cases and 2,251 deaths. The province also saw 2,410 patients discharged from hospital after recovery on Monday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 36,167, it said, adding Hubei had 434 suspected cases as of Monday midnight.
WS5e5dacd2a31012821727bc71	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5dacd2a31012821727bc71.html	2020-03-03	Fashion industry in C China join online sales amid novel coronavirus outbreak	A model shows clothes by live broadcast at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. A large number of clothing stores and garment merchants in Zhuzhou have joined online sales to resume work during the fight against the novel coronavirus. [Photo/Xinhua] A model shows clothes by live broadcast at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A model shows clothes by live broadcast at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A merchant takes photos of a model at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A merchant marks the clothes for online sales at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A model selects clothes for live broadcast at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Merchants package clothes for online sales at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A model shows clothes by live broadcast at a clothing store of a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Staff register information of a man who wants to enter into a garment market in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan province, March 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]  
WS5e5daac0a31012821727bc47	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5daac0a31012821727bc47.html	2020-03-03	Italy coronavirus deaths jump to 52, cases climb above 2,000	  A man wearing a face mask is seen outside the Allianz Stadium, after five Serie A matches were postponed because of the ongoing coronavirus crisis, in Turin, Italy, February 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - The death toll from coronavirus in Italy jumped to 52 on Monday from 34 the day before and the total number of confirmed cases in Europe's worst affected country climbed past the 2,000 mark. The increase in deaths was the largest since the outbreak surfaced 10 days ago in the wealthy northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto. Lombardy, around Italy's financial capital Milan, is by far with hardest hit, with 38 casualties. The virus has since spread south but the vast majority of cases remain centered on the original hotspots, with the addition of Emilia Romagna, another affluent region which borders on both Lombardy and Veneto and now has more cases than Veneto. In total, 2,036 people have tested positive in Italy, up from 1,694 on Sunday. Of these, 149 have recovered, the civil protection agency said. "What is comforting is that 50% of the 258 people who tested positive (in the last 24 hours) have no symptoms or are being looked after at home," Angelo Borrelli, head of the agency, told reporters. In total, Italy has tested 23,345 people for the disease. The Lombardy regional government urged people over the age of 65 to remain at home, as data showed they were by far the most vulnerable to the highly contagious illness. "All those who have died (in Lombardy) are people over 65 with underlying health conditions, especially cardiovascular problems," said Giulio Gallera, the region's councillor responsible for welfare policy. In a worrying development, a policeman and a fireman based in Rome have also tested positive, authorities said, raising the risk of the virus spreading in the Italian capital. Cases in Rome, Italy's largest city with 3 million people, had previously been limited to a Chinese couple on holiday and an Italian repatriated from the Chinese city of Wuhan on a special flight and hospitalized. All three recovered. On Monday the Spallanzani infectious diseases hospital where the policeman was staying announced that his wife, two children and sister-in-law were also infected. The school attended by his son, in the nearby town of Pomezia, was closed and lessons were suspended in the university faculty at Rome's main Sapienza university, attended by his other son. Reuters
WS5e5d9950a31012821727bbdc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5d9950a31012821727bbdc.html	2020-03-03	Can drinking tea prevent coronavirus infections?	A cup of tea in the making. [Photo provided to China Daily] An article claiming that drinking tea may help prevent novel coronavirus infections has raised questions among the public and academics. According to the article, researchers from the Zhejiang Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention found through experiments that in cells cultured in vitro, tea, which is rich in polyphenols, works well in killing the virus extracellularly and suppressing its intracellular proliferation. Based on this, the research team suggested that drinking tea could help prevent novel coronavirus infections. An immunologist told The Paper that the novel coronavirus infects alveolar epithelial cells. But the tea we drink won't reach the lungs anyway. Even if the in vitro experiments prove that tea can inhibit or kill the virus, it doesn't mean that drinking tea can do the same, said the immunologist. After in vitro tests, trials on animals should be conducted, and then human clinical trials can be considered. The results of in vitro tests are not enough to conclude that drinking tea can help prevent novel coronavirus infections, the immunologist added. The article, published by the WeChat account of Zhejiang CDC on Feb 26, has been removed. Staff from the center said the latest research findings will be published via the WeChat account after finishing procedures. Please feel free to contact us by sending your questions to question@chinadaily.com.cn or commenting on China Daily app. We will ask experts to answer them.
WS5e5d719aa31012821727bb65	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/03/WS5e5d719aa31012821727bb65.html	2020-03-03	Coronavirus kills 6 people in Washington State, US	Medics prepare to transfer a patient on a stretcher to an ambulance at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, the long-term care facility linked to the two of three confirmed coronavirus cases in the state, in Kirkland, Washington, March 1, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Six people in the Seattle area have died of illness caused by the new coronavirus, health officials said on Monday, as authorities across the United States scrambled to prepare for more infections, with the emphasis on ratcheting up the number of available test kits. Dr. Jeff Duchin, chief health officer for the Seattle and King County Public Health agency, announced the increase in fatalities from the previous two in Washington state. Eight of the 14 total cases in his jurisdiction are linked to a nursing facility, including four deaths, Duchin said at a news conference. At least four of the six people who have died were elderly and/or had underlying health conditions, Duchin said. The total number of cases in Washington state was now 18, he said. "We expect the number of cases will continue to increase in the coming days and weeks, and we are taking this situation extremely seriously," Ducin said. However, he also said the vast majority of diagnosed patients have mild to moderate disease and do not need hospitalization. Duchin said his county was not recommending school closures or cancellation of any events at this point. As of Sunday, the number of cases in the United States had risen to 91, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said earlier on Monday. There has been a jump in presumed cases reported by the states to 27 from seven. The CDC will confirm the tests sent by states with their own diagnostics. So far, 10 states, including California and New York, have confirmed or presumed coronavirus cases. U.S. stocks pared gains following the announcement of an increase in fatalities and the number of cases. World stock markets, after a weeklong slide on coronavirus fears, on Monday regained a measure of calm amid hope of a possible stimulus. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, whose state has one confirmed case, welcomed a CDC decision allowing New York to test for the virus that has killed more than 3,000 people worldwide since it emerged in China in December. "I would like to have a goal of 1,000-tests-per-day capacity within one week because, again, the more testing, the better," Cuomo said at a briefing on Monday. Federal health officials have said the number of test kits for coronavirus would be radically expanded in coming weeks. The United States appeared poised for a spike in cases, partly because there would be more testing to confirm infections. Reuters
WS5e5cc75da31012821727ba8f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5cc75da31012821727ba8f.html	2020-03-02	French fashion label Agnes B cancels Paris show due to coronavirus	PARIS - French Agnes B joined on Friday the list of fashion houses that have cancelled shows at Paris Fashion Week due to coronavirus outbreak that has reached multiple countries around the world. Six Chinese designers, inculding Jarel Zhan and Masha Ma, have already cancelled shows at the Paris event scheduled to run until March 3. Fashion labels such as Balenciaga, Valentino, Chanel and Louis Vuitton have planned to unveil their Winter 2020 collections this weekend and next week. In Milan, Italian house Armani has staged show behind closed doors and French Chanel and Italian Prada already have cancelled shows in China over epidemic spread fears. The rapid rise in the coronavirus raised fears of a pandemic on Friday, with six countries reporting their first cases and the World Health Organization warning it could spread worldwide. The spread also prompted Switzerland to cancel the giant Geneva car show. REUTERS
WS5e5cbf21a31012821727ba5d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5cbf21a31012821727ba5d.html	2020-03-02	Beyond coronavirus story, China fighting for the world	[Liu Xiaoliang/China Daily] While China is stepping up its efforts to curb the outbreak of deadly coronavirus, many media outlets are focused on the impact of the disease without paying more attention to the government’s efforts in the face of this enormous challenge. Definitely, the rise of death toll and rapid spread of the virus are considered newsworthy by those who work in media, but the epic battle being waged by China against the virus also deserves to be highlighted. Since the novel coronavirus, dubbed recently as COVID-19, hit Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, the central government in Beijing has taken immediate and crucial actions to contain it. The whole infected city, with about 12 million population, was put under quarantine. Also, public transportation was stopped and all flights from and to Wuhan’s airport was cancelled. Although the virus spread like wildfire in several cities since its outbreak in December, a huge number of medical staff members have volunteered to play their patriotic role in all affected areas demonstrating immense braveness and spirit of sacrifice. Remarkably, every sector in the state has become a hive of activity including the citizens themselves who helped the government control the epidemic by complying with the instructions of China’s National Health Commission. As a journalist wanting to know more about the real situation on the ground, I interviewed some Egyptians living in China through WeChat, Chinese social media platform. Most of them said that everything was stable and the virus was contained. An Egyptian working in Beijing said he follows-up the daily health instructions posted on online apps and avoids public gathering places, adding that the government provides all forms of protection and support for both foreigners and Chinese. Another Egyptian said the leadership assessed the situation precisely in the virus-hit areas and put an overall strategy to deal with emergencies and the number of infected cases. When I asked them whether they wanted to leave China, they answered “we are confident that the strength of this country and its people will wipe out this disease. It is a matter of time and it will come very soon.” Undoubtedly, countering coronavirus poses a huge challenge for China, and of course, that is not easy at all, but there is a story of struggle needing to be told. While many countries find the control of this dreadful epidemic uncontrollable, the second-largest economy is harnessing its power both financially and technologically to curb this serious virus. In his address to global media, Bruce Aylward, a top Canadian epidemiologist who recently presided over the WHO-China Joint Mission on COVID-19, praised the containment measures adopted by the Chinese government. In the meantime, chairman of Britain's 48 Group Club, Stephen Perry, said China demonstrated remarkable coordination and selflessness in its fight against the novel coronavirus. In his interview with Xinhua news agency, Perry also lauded the preventive actions carried out by government which helped stop the epidemic from further spreading in the country. Having taken all these decisive measure, the government is now controlling the spread of the virus. Official data recently revealed that many provinces, except Hubei, recorded no new cases. Globally, the novel coronavirus has killed more than 2,900 people, the vast majority in Chinese mainland. With more than 85,000 cases recording worldwide, the World Health Organization said the outbreak has reached the “highest level” of risk, warning it can go in "any direction." Not only is China waging a war against COVID-19 for its people, but in fact, it is shouldering the responsibility on behalf of the whole world. The author is the head of foreign affairs department at Al-Gomhuria newspaper. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.      
WS5e5cbb62a31012821727ba49	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5cbb62a31012821727ba49.html	2020-03-02	Confirmed, suspected cases of novel coronavirus infection declining nationwide	A medical staff member walks a recovered patient to the bus outside the hospital in western Wuhan, Hubei province, on March 1. [Photo by Su Feng/chinadaily.com.cn] Both new confirmed cases and new suspected cases of novel coronavirus infection nationwide have been declining in the past two weeks, and the number of newly-discharged patients has been increasing and hovering at about 3,000 cases in recent days, Mi Feng, spokesman of the National Health Commission, said on Monday. Data shows that in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, the rapid growth of the epidemic has been curbed. In other areas in Hubei, the explosive spread of the virus in isolated areas also has been brought under control, Mi said. Outside Hubei in China, the overall epidemic situation is trending positively, he added. "The next step is to coordinate disease prevention and control work with economic and societal development, and to focus on community-based control efforts and medical treatment," he said. China also will shift from a national response to a more targeted and precise approach, according to Mi.
WS5e5cb57ba31012821727ba2b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5cb57ba31012821727ba2b.html	2020-03-02	Cutting-edge technologies to help battle coronavirus epidemic	Many companies are working behind the scenes to develop and apply cutting-edge technologies to fight the coronavirus outbreak. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Many companies are working behind the scenes to develop and apply cutting-edge technologies to fight the coronavirus outbreak. State-Owned China National Building Material Group Co Ltd is one of those. Infrared thermometer lenses for abnormal temperature inspection, 5.0 neutral borosilicate glass tube for vaccine storing, flat sheet ceramic membrane for medical wastewater treatment…they are just a handful of equipment the company is working on. The company's move aligned with the call from State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the regulator of SOEs, to prevent the virus from spreading further while ensuring a stable production and operation to support the country's economic development. Infrared thermometer lenses, an equipment used for screening inspections on people and selecting those who have abnormal temperature, are useful to reduce the risk of cross-infection in public places, according to the group. To date, the group's subsidiary China Building Materials Academy Glass Science Institute has supplied 800 sets of high-resolution infrared thermometer lenses for screening inspections to cities including Wuhan, Chengdu, and Guangzhou. The group said those infrared thermometer lenses can detect people's temperature quickly and precisely, ranging from minus 20 Celsius degrees to 120 Celsius degrees with deviation controlled between minus 0.3 Celsius degrees to 0.3 Celsius degrees. CNBM's production of 5.0 neutral borosilicate glass tube is used for virus vaccine storing and packaging. Its subsidiary Triumph Junheng Co Ltd has produced about 10 million units for vaccine research and development centers across the country. CNBM's production of 5.0 neutral borosilicate glass tube is used for virus vaccine storing and packaging. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The group's flat sheet ceramic membrane and related equipment, effective in containing particles, colloid, and microorganism, is essential for medical wastewater handling system, according to CNBM. The group's subsidiary Shandong Industrial Ceramic Research & Design Institute Co Ltd has stepped up production to supply for hospitals and medical centers across the country. Zhou Yuxian, chairman of CNBM, said the company will pay close attention to changing demand from the market and the reactions of companies from the upstream and downstream supply chain, under the premise that the company will roll out measures to prevent workplace contagion and to ensure their staff's safety. To date, central SOEs are resuming work in batches in an orderly manner while preventing workplace contagion, which is important to both economic development and epidemic control, according to SASAC. Up to Feb 19, more than 80 percent of over 20,000 manufacturing subsidiaries under the 96 central SOEs have resumed production, data from SASAC show.
WS5e5cad45a31012821727b9fc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5cad45a31012821727b9fc.html	2020-03-02	Shenzhen traces a case of coronavirus infection	In the late hours of Sunday, the first imported case of novel coronavirus infection was confirmed in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, the municipal health commission reported. On Sunday, the provincial health commission informed Hong Kong, and cross-border ferries and road travel from the Hong Kong International Airport to the Chinese mainland were suspended. The patient is a 35-year-old man who works in Bristol, the United Kingdom. On Thursday, he had taken a flight from London to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. After reaching Hong Kong International Airport at around 1:30 pm, he got on a cross-border ferry at SkyPier, which is integrated with Hong Kong International Airport to carry passengers to and from ports in the Pearl River Delta and the Macao Special Administrative Region. When the man entered Shenzhen from the city's Shekou port at 4:30 pm, his body temperature was normal. Minutes later, he took a taxi to his home in Futian district. During the trip, he wore a mask. On Saturday morning, he had symptoms of coronavirus infection and was sent by his family to a hospital for treatment. Because he was tested positive at 9 pm, the man was immediately transferred to the Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen, the only hospital designated to treat infected people. Now he is in stable condition, the municipal health commission said. Shenzhen promptly began an investigation to trace the source. The patient had not been in Wuhan, Hubei province recently. Wuhan is the epicenter of the outbreak. Two of the man's colleagues in the UK have also developed coughs and fevers. There were 93 close contacts with the patient, according to the investigation. Of those, 46 have been quarantined and put under medical observation. The rest are passengers on the ferry, whom the commission is contacting to urge them to take all necessary measures to guard against of the possibility of infection.
37534004	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/jiangsu/binhu/2020-03/02/content_37534004.htm	2020-03-02	Recovered Binhu coronavirus patient donates plasma	A recovered male coronavirus patient returns to the Wuxi No 5 People's Hospital to donate blood on Feb 20. [Photo/WeChat account: wxbhfb] A recovered male coronavirus patient from Binhu district returned to the Wuxi No 5 People's Hospital to donate blood in Wuxi, East China's Jiangsu province, on Feb 20. According to an updated version of the guidelines for diagnosing and treating the virus released by top health authorities, such convalescent plasma is recommended for clinical use. After learning from a report that the blood of recovered patients contains antibodies that can fight pathogens, he became the first recovered novel coronavirus patient to donate blood in Binhu. The district’s Center for Disease Control (CDC) sent him to the hospital he was discharged from and his blood test results were found to meet the donation criteria. Xu Hanshun, director of the district’s CDC, who accompanied him throughout the process, said that the donor was thin and weighed only 50 kilograms, just barely reaching blood donation standards. Considering this was his first ever blood donation and he recently recovered from a serious illness, the hospital only asked him to donate 200 ml, but he insisted on donating 300 ml. After being evaluated, his request was approved. "I’m very grateful to the medical staff of the CDC and the hospital for their professionalism and caring attitude, which helped me defeat the coronavirus.” He said he is in good health and hopes to help more patients by donating plasma. The Wuxi No 5 People's Hospital is a hospital in Wuxi designated for treating people infected with the novel coronavirus. According to its Vice President Qiu Yuanwang, the collected plasma will be mainly used for novel coronavirus pneumonia patients in critical condition, and some other recovered patients have expressed a willingness to donate plasma as well. The donor will also be observed during his 14-day quarantine period. During this time, the CDC will continue to provide him with psychological counseling and nutritional supplements. The Center for Disease Control of Binhu district arranges for a vehicle to transport the donor. [Photo/WeChat account: wxbhfb]
WS5e5c8570a31012821727b968	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c8570a31012821727b968.html	2020-03-02	How the coronavirus outbreak is affecting human capital development	Editor's note: Wang Yan is a senior specialist at the National Institute of Education Sciences; Patricio V. Marquez is a former public health lead specialist of the World Bank Group; Eduardo Velez Bustillo is a visiting professor of Kobe University, Japan. The article reflects the authors' opinions, and not necessarily the views of CGTN. As the COVID-19 outbreak becomes a global epidemic, the world is starting to grapple with the potential impact on human capital – the key factor that drives productivity, wealth creation, and welfare improvements. If the virus continues to spread across countries, human loss and social and economic impact could be significant. Previous epidemics like the Ebola in Africa show that large numbers of health workers are negatively affected, which could weaken the health care system in low-income countries. The novel coronavirus is now in 59 countries across six continents, resulting in more than 87,000 cases and 3,000 deaths as of Sunday. The disproportionate infection and subsequent mortality of health workers, in turn, might have negative spillover effects on society as a whole. The perceived high risk of being infected while working as a health care provider during an infectious disease outbreak may be a disincentive for young people to enroll into education programs to become doctor, nurse, or other medical workers. Moreover, the disruptions in day-to-day health care services, compounded by loss or shortage of health workers during the outbreak might cause difficulties in regular treatment for other health needs and thus increase the mortality of diseases overall. Estimates of an important problem that may affect countries rose when students can't study in their classrooms. Although information and communications technology (ICT) can provide alternative online learning programs, as in the case of the e-learning program in China, quality of delivery varies. As governments prioritize life and health over economic growth by quarantine and closures interventions, many social and economic activities were suspended and the labor market has frozen to varying degrees. It could potentially disrupt global supply chains and engender a reduction of global economic growth. In particular, retail sales and industrial outputs are likely to decline, with reduced demand, which may present additional challenges on employment and social well being. China, the first country hit by COVID-19, has made great efforts to address the challenges. To start with, not only has the government mobilized medical workers and resources nationwide to support the localities at the epicenter of the outbreak, but temporary allowances of health care workers involved in the outbreak had increased at one fold and the temporary salary had doubled in central Hubei Province. China has implemented large scale and long duration quarantine. Meetings are held soon after the outbreak decided to upgrade health care and emergency response systems in China. To meet the challenges in the economic sector, the government has lowered taxes and provided exemptions to protect and support startups and small and medium enterprises. An array of policies has been launched to support the employment of university graduates and migrant workers. A total of 18,900 new positions are offered to increase the amount of enrollment of master degree graduates, lowering the risk of unemployment and boosting the quality of human capital. Yet there are more challenges down the road that call for innovative and resilient policies to recover the economy, sustain economic growth, and protect and ensure the harmonious well-being of its people in China and other countries as well. In the past half century the world has seen more progress in improving the human condition than has occurred at any other time in history. In particular, China has improved the quality of health, nutrition, education, and other social services through investing in human capital development. Evidently, facing the risk of disease outbreak as COVID-19, stronger and resilient public health and medical care structure and services are more critical than ever among nations in a growing inter-connected and inter-dependent world. Countries need economic growth to generate more opportunities for people to improve their way to a better life and human capital. Only with advanced governance system can reinforce one another and optimize the route to efficient, equitable, and sustainable goals.
WS5e5c832ea31012821727b95d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c832ea31012821727b95d.html	2020-03-02	Trump plans tighter screening after first US coronavirus deaths	President Donald Trump passes US Vice President Mike Pence during a news conference on the coronavirus outbreak at the White House in Washington, February 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Following the first deaths in the United States from the coronavirus, President Donald Trump announced Sunday that travelers from countries at high risk of the virus would be screened before leaving and upon arriving. "Coronavirus: In addition to screening travelers "prior to boarding" from certain designated high risk countries, or areas within those countries, they will also be screened when they arrive in America. Thank you! @VP @SecAzar @CDCgov @CDCDirector," Trump said on Twitter early on Sunday. Washington state declared an emergency after the first death in the US – a man in his 50s — from COVID-19 was reported Friday. On Sunday, a second man in his 70s died at the same facility in Kirkland, Washington, after the state reported two new cases, bringing its total up to 12. The New York Times said the US total was 74 as of Sunday night. Over the weekend, new cases of the infection were reported in California, Oregon and Rhode Island. Two hospital workers in Northern California are being tested for the virus, according to local authorities. The two had been exposed to a patient at UC Davis Medical Center in Sacramento being treated for the virus. "Due to the aggressive measures that public health and hospital staff undertook, all potential exposures to the case were promptly identified and isolated so that patients are not placed at higher risk," said Dr Bela Matyas, Solano County's health officer, according to the Sacramento Bee. The two workers' tests will be sent to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for confirmation. Santa Clara County health officials reported three new confirmed cases, bringing the county's total to seven. Two of the new cases are a husband and wife who recently traveled to Egypt, authorities said. The other is a woman who officials said has chronic health conditions. All three were hospitalized. "Our country is prepared for any circumstance. There is no reason to panic at all," Trump said, adding that he would meet with pharmaceutical companies at the White House on Monday to discuss efforts to develop a vaccine against the virus. US Vice-President Mike Pence announced that an existing ban on travel from Iran had been expanded to include any foreign national who had visited the country within the past two weeks. Americans also were advised not to visit Italy and South Korea. Delta Air Lines announced Sunday that it would suspend flights between New York and Milan. American Airlines said Saturday it was suspending flights from Milan to New York and Miami amid a "reduction in demand". The number of coronavirus cases worldwide is above 88,000 — with about 7,000 of those outside the Chinese mainland. The global death toll so far is nearly 3,000 dead. Overall, China had 206 new confirmed cases on Sunday, the lowest since Jan 22. Hubei, the epicenter of the epidemic, had 196 new confirmed cases, the National Health Commission said Monday, sharply down from 570 cases a day earlier. While the hot spots continued to record new cases, the list of countries affected by the illness climbed to 61 as Azerbaijan, Belarus, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Iceland, Lithuania, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Qatar and Scotland reported their first cases. South Korea, which has more than 3,700 cases — the highest number outside China — mobilized its army Saturday to disinfect large parts of Daegu, the southeastern city that has been at the center of the country's outbreak. South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Sunday that "the COVID-19 outbreak can threaten our lives temporarily, but it cannot break our unity and hope". Italy has reported more than 1,694 cases of infection and 34 deaths from the virus. Iran, where the virus has killed more than 50 people, with nearly 1,000 confirmed cases, is preparing for the possibility of "tens of thousands" of people being tested for the virus. At a news conference on Saturday, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe pledged to roll out the government's second emergency spending package within 10 days, using 270 billion yen ($2.5 billion) from the fiscal 2019 reserve fund. The first round of measures, worth 15.3 billion yen, was adopted in early February, according to The Japan Times. A scaled-back marathon was held in Tokyo on Sunday. It was limited to 200 elite runners due to concerns over the outbreak of the virus in Japan. With Tokyo set to host the 2020 Summer Olympics, Japan has taken extensive steps in a bid to halt the outbreak. The World Health Organization increased the global risk assessment of the coronavirus on Friday to "very high", the organization's highest alert level. "Worries are mounting that prolonged quarantines, supply chain disruptions and a sharp reduction in tourism and business travel could weaken the global economy or even cause a recession," according to ABC News. But WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told CNBC's Hadley Gamble during a panel discussion in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on Sunday that "global markets … should calm down and try to see the reality. We need to continue to be rational." Global stocks sustained their worst week since the 2008 financial crisis. The Dow Jones plunged 3,500 points, more than 12 percent, into a correction. It was the largest weekly point loss ever and biggest percentage drop in 12 years. Andrew Cohen and William Hennelly in New York and Reuters contributed to this story.
WS5e5c7952a31012821727b922	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c7952a31012821727b922.html	2020-03-02	Hyundai halts work after worker tests positive for coronavirus	A Hyundai concept vehicle attracts visitors' attention at the second China International Import Expo. [Photo by Zhang Dandan/China Daily] SEOUL－Hyundai Motor shut down a factory in South Korea on Friday after a worker tested positive for the new coronavirus, disrupting production of popular models such as the Palisade SUV. Shares of the automaker ended down more than 5 percent after the news, while the wider market was down 3.3 percent. The closing dealt a fresh setback to Hyundai Motor, which has gradually resumed production at local plants hit by a Chinese parts shortage in the wake of the virus outbreak. South Korea has the most infected people outside China, affecting companies like Samsung and Hyundai. South Korea on Friday reported 256 new cases, bringing the total number of infected to 2,022, as the world prepared for a global recession. "The company has also placed colleagues who came in close contact with the infected employee in self-quarantine and taken steps to have them tested for possible infection," Hyundai Motor said in a news release. The company added that it was disinfecting the factory. It did not say when production would resume. The city of Ulsan, where Hyundai operates five car manufacturing plants, is less than an hour from Daegu, the epicenter of outbreak in South Korea. The plants have an annual production capacity of 1.4 million vehicles, or nearly 30 percent of Hyundai's global production. Hyundai employs 34,000 workers there in the world's biggest car complex. The factory that was shut down produces sport utility vehicles such as the Palisade, Tucson, Santa Fe and Genesis GV80. A factory run by Hyundai supplier Seojin Industrial had been closed after the death of a virus-infected worker there. It reopened Wednesday. South Korea's tech giant Samsung Electronics shut down a phone factory in the southeastern city of Gumi over the past weekend after one of its workers tested positive. It resumed production on Monday. Meanwhile, South Korea's top carrier, Korean Air Lines, said on Friday it would cut the number off lights to the United States in March, as part of a plan to cut its global capacity by 11 percent that month. It plans to check temperatures of passengers traveling to the US before boarding and said it would not allow anyone with a temperature higher than 37.5 Celsius to fly. One of its flight attendants who served the Incheon to Los Angeles route has tested positive for virus.
WS5e5c791aa31012821727b91a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c791aa31012821727b91a.html	2020-03-02	Serie A soccer match postponed due to coronavirus outbreak	General view outside the San Siro stadium after the Serie A match AC Milan v Genoa was postponed due to the recent coronavirus outbreak, March 1, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The Serie A game between Sampdoria and Verona due to be played on Monday has been called off and is the sixth out of 10 scheduled for the current round of matches to be postponed because of the coronavirus outbreak in Italy. Serie A said in a statement on Sunday that the game at Genoa's Luigi Ferraris stadium would be rescheduled for May 13, the same date as the five other matches which were called off on Saturday. The decision came after Giovanni Toti, the president of the Liguria region where Genoa is located, said the Sampdoria-Verona game could only be played if it was behind closed doors. The death toll from an outbreak of coronavirus in Italy has risen to 34, five more than a day earlier, officials said on Sunday, while the number of confirmed cases was 1,694. On Monday, the Italian government banned sports events in six regions of the country but said Serie A matches in the affected areas could still go ahead behind closed doors. Serie A initially agreed but on Saturday changed its mind and said the five matches affected -- including the key clash between Juventus and Inter Milan -- would be postponed. Genoa is not one of those areas but Verona is and Toti said he did not want to take any risks. "Playing Samp-Verona with open doors would be a serious risk, because Genoa has not had any contagion so far, so it would have seemed inappropriate and imprudent to give access to the public," Toti told reporters, according to the Gazzetta dello Sport and other Italian media.  Reuters
WS5e5c7753a31012821727b8ff	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c7753a31012821727b8ff.html	2020-03-02	Washington state confirms 2nd US coronavirus death; NY reports first case	  Medics prepare to transfer a patient on a stretcher to an ambulance at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, the long-term care facility linked to the two of three confirmed coronavirus cases in the state, in Kirkland, Washington, March 1, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Health officials in Washington state said on Sunday a second person infected with the coronavirus had died there, while New York's governor said his state confirmed its first case of the illness. The Washington death was in the Seattle area and was reported on the website of the Seattle and King County public health department. On Saturday, the same officials reported the first death from coronavirus in the United States. New York state confirmed its first positive coronavirus test, Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Sunday night. He wrote on Twitter that a woman in her 30s contracted coronavirus during a recent trip to Iran and was in quarantine in her home. He did not say where the woman lived, but the New York Times, citing unnamed state officials, said the woman was in New York City. "The patient has respiratory symptoms, but is not in serious condition and has been in a controlled situation since arriving in New York," Cuomo said. At the federal level, President Donald Trump's administration scrambled on Sunday to reassure Americans as the disease spreads and businesses cancel conferences and flights. Administration officials tried to calm market fears that the coronavirus could cause a global recession, saying the public had overreacted and that stocks would bounce back because of the underlying strength of the US economy. Washington state on Sunday confirmed two other cases at a long-term care facility where a resident and a worker also tested positive for coronavirus and 50 residents and staff were showing symptoms. Over 70 cases have been reported in the United States, with most on the West Coast but new cases in the Chicago area and Rhode Island, aside from New York. Stock markets plunged last week, with an index of global stocks setting its largest weekly fall since the 2008 financial crisis, and more than $5 trillion wiped off the value of stocks worldwide. A key energy conference in Houston that brings together oil ministers and energy firms was canceled on Sunday with the organizers of CERAWeek noting that border health checks were becoming more restrictive and companies had begun barring non-essential travel to protect workers. 'WE'RE READY' Trump said on Sunday that travelers to the United States from countries at high risk of coronavirus would be screened before boarding and on arrival, without specifying which countries. Delta Air Lines Inc said on Sunday it was suspending until May flights to Milan in northern Italy where most of that country's coronavirus cases have been reported. Flights will continue to Rome. American Airlines Group Inc announced a similar move late on Saturday. The United States has 75,000 test kits for coronavirus and will expand that number "radically" in coming weeks, US Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar told ABC's "This Week" on Sunday. Vice President Mike Pence said the government had contracted 3M Co to produce an extra 35 million respiratory masks a month. He urged Americans not to buy the masks, which he said were only needed by healthcare workers. Honeywell International Inc is the other major US mask producer. He also told Fox News that clinical trials of a coronavirus vaccine would start in six weeks but that a vaccine would likely not be available this season. Democrats, who will challenge Trump for the presidency in the Nov. 3 election, have criticized his administration for downplaying the crisis and not preparing for the disease to spread in the United States. Pence, whom Trump appointed last week to run the White House's coronavirus response, said Americans should brace for more cases but that the "vast majority" of those who contracted the disease would recover. "Other than in areas where there are individuals that have been infected with the coronavirus, people need to understand that for the average American, the risk does remain low. We're ready," Pence told NBC's "Meet the Press." The United States has imposed limits on travelers who have visited Iran and recommended against travel to hard-hit areas of Italy and South Korea. Trump said on Saturday that the United States was also considering shutting the country's southern border with Mexico to control the spread of the virus, adding: "We hope we won't have to do that." Mexico has reported four coronavirus cases. Its Foreign Ministry said on Saturday that both governments were in "close and effective communication, especially the health authorities." Reuters
WS5e5c6c41a31012821727b83a	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c6c41a31012821727b83a.html	2020-03-02	HK under coronavirus: Giant lab for work-from-home	Working from home, Cherry Ko feels she's on call 24 hours a day and her work-life balance is coming apart. It has been over a month since she last saw the inside of her office. Her company adopted a remote-working policy and then extended it, attempting to protect employees from the contagion of the novel coronavirus. The 26-year-old finance assistant spent her holiday break on the mainland before she returned to Hong Kong and completed a two-week home quarantine. Ko has mixed feelings about working from home. "It saves all the commute time, but creates barriers preventing me from retrieving data stored on servers and terminals," said Ko. "I am pleased with more flexible timetables, but also feel myself in a state of 24-hour standby." As local infections of the deadly virus rose from the end of January, the city's biggest employer — the Hong Kong government — allowed its 176,600 civil servants to work from home until the beginning of March, except for those assigned to emergency and essential public services who continue to report for work as usual. Kindergartens and primary and secondary schools will remain closed until mid-April. Most schools have shifted to holding classes online. Private employers were also urged to switch to flexible workplace practices to minimize the threat of the COVID-19 epidemic. Iconic high-rise office buildings in the business heartland of Central remain mostly vacant. Hundreds of thousands of office workers in finance, insurance, law and other white-collar jobs now work from home. Hong Kong, with 88 percent of its working population in the service sector, has placed itself at the vanguard of the homeworking experiment. Katryna Mojica, chief executive of Ogilvy Group HK, said this is "an extraordinarily challenging time that stretches organizations" because they have never worked from home for such a long period. Advertising and public relations companies usually require lots of in-person brainstorming activities to boost productivity. "It can be difficult to work from home — you miss face-to-face connections, and there can be distractions or just a lack of space," said Mojica. It's pretty much business as usual for her company, with flexible working rules and digital tools. She said, however, many of its more than 300 employees miss office life and the vibrancy of human interaction. "Being together supports collaboration and culture." An upward trend The number of homeworking people, excluding self-employed ones, surged 173 percent in the US between 2005 and 2018, according to Global Workplace Analytics, a research-based consulting firm. About 4.7 million US employees now work from home at least half the time, the firm said. This trend shows no signs of slowing down around the globe, with multiple studies noting its desirable benefits, including reduced commute time, lower venue costs, increased productivity and higher job satisfaction. The ongoing Hong Kong experiment, however, reveals there is a downside to working from home, especially when it becomes a necessity, rather than an option, to employers and employees who have little relevant experience or preparation. Edmond Lai Shiao-bun, chief digital officer of the Hong Kong Productivity Council, said most of the city's small and medium-sized enterprises, due to lack of experience and resources, are finding it difficult to maintain quality operations. SMEs also need strong technological support to ensure cybersecurity under telecommuting arrangements, said Lai, who, during the epidemic, has been advising companies on this "already-popular practice" in Western countries. Meanwhile, about 10 employees, for whom telecommuting is a new practice, told China Daily they tend to be less productive when working at home due to a lack of discipline and distractions. They also reported communication with colleagues is less efficient. A group of management trainees at Hang Seng Bank was found hiking in mid-February. They were supposed to be working from home when they posted photos on social media tagged "best work-from-home activity". Tech as fuel While company managers are turning to digital platforms in the hope of making remote working equally efficient, the scale of work-from-home caught even tech giants off guard during the epidemic. Alibaba's teamwork app, Dingtalk, crashed because mounting video conference calls; Tencent's enterprise-tailored messaging app, WeChat Work, suffered unstable connections after its server became overloaded. Users of Baidu's office virtual private network were reportedly told to log out to allow managers to log in. Silvina Moschini, president and founder of TransparentBusiness, a US-based remote working solution provider, said this epidemic underscored new tech's role in facilitating the work-from-home mode as a key element of emergency preparedness. Her company offers enterprise software which provides functions that avoid inefficient "blind management" by keeping managers informed of the real-time status of their employees and their pending tasks. She said Hong Kong's business leaders have to grasp this opportunity and use technology to build trustworthy workplace relationships where everyone feels valued, engaged and productive. She sees it is an opportunity to expand her business on the Chinese mainland, as millions of workers are under travel restrictions. The same workers feel under pressure to get back to work, even while acknowledging those restrictions are meant to protect them from the coronavirus. China's largest online job ad platform, 58.com, reported 55 percent of enterprises that delayed their work resumption had chosen telecommuting the epidemic. More than half of these enterprises are from digitally based industries such as information technology and telecommunications. "Remote work is no longer a matter of convenience or financial savings; it has become a matter of containing a pandemic, a matter of life and death," she added. In response to this crisis, TransparentBusiness donated $1 million worth of free software to China through the Chinese ambassador in the US to enable efficient remote working in the affected areas. Blurred work-life boundaries Telecommuting, meant for a better work-life balance, can also be stressful for some employees, as it blurs the boundary between office life and family life. It could be particularly annoying in places like Hong Kong with notoriously limited living space. A European Union report in 2017 found "boundaryless work" can result in family conflict and stress, while remote workers are 16 percent more likely to endure high stress levels. Jason, 32, works for a fintech company in Hong Kong that had already involved frequent telecommuting before the epidemic. He said his mental health has recently taken a hit after his workplace turned totally digital. "The task-oriented, unplugging work mode has almost squeezed out the last inch of my personal space. Worse still is there are fewer outdoor activities to stretch myself out because of the coronavirus," he said. As remote working is becoming the new normal for many, everyone needs to think about what makes them productive, happy and successful in everyday life, and try to replicate this in a remote setting, said Stephanie Russell, a business culture scholar at Anglia Ruskin University. In a study conducted by the London School of Economics and Political Science in 2016, researchers found the lack of in-person interaction brings self-imposed pressure to work longer hours and reduces job satisfaction. The study also indicated extensive use of homeworking, with its strong reliance on communication technology, increases the likelihood of isolation and frustration among workers. Despite of existing downsides, video conferencing provider Owl Labs reported 42 percent of current remote workers plan to increase remote work in the next five years, with managers learning to deal with their emotional problems. Also, more than 50 percent of on-site workers want to work remotely.
WS5e5c66a2a31012821727b7c3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c66a2a31012821727b7c3.html	2020-03-02	Former coronavirus patient gets new lungs	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020 [Photo/Xinhua] Doctors in Wuxi, Jiangsu province, performed the world's first double lung transplant for a patient once infected with the novel coronavirus on Saturday, potentially giving more hope to critically ill people suffering from lung damage after the virus clears, a top surgeon said. Chen Jingyu, one of China's top lung transplant experts and vicepresident of Wuxi People's Hospital, posted news of the transplant on the Sina Weibo microblog on Sunday, writing that the five-hour surgery was successful. The patient, 59, would have died from severe lung damage if he had not had the procedure, according to Chen. He showed symptoms on Jan 23 and was diagnosed with novel coronavirus pneumonia on Jan 26. Doctors used endotracheal intubation on Feb 7 and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation on Feb 22.The patient was transferred to Wuxi to receive further treatment on Feb 24. Zhan Qingyuan, director of the respiration and critical illness department at China-Japan Friendship Hospital in Beijing, told a news conference held by the National Health Commission on Jan 31 that the coronavirus mainly affects lungs. "There should be no sequelae for those patients with mild symptoms, but those with severe symptoms might have lung damage for a period of time," he said. "Most lungs having pulmonary fibrosis can repair themselves gradually, but for a very few patients with critical symptoms, they might suffer from pulmonary fibrosis for a long time." Even though repeated nucleic acid tests for the infection were negative, both the patient's lungs had been seriously damaged. To save the patient, Chen and his team performed the surgery after experts from Jiangsu confirmed that a lung transplant could be performed on him. The lungs, donated by a brain-dead patient, were transferred to Wuxi by high-speed train within seven hours. Chen said performing such a surgery posed challenges to the medical workers both physically and psychologically. "The team was well prepared before performing the surgery," he said. "All the surgeons and nurses wore protective suits all through the surgery, which was undertaken in a negative pressure room that could contain potential contaminants." Chen said that in order for novel coronavirus pneumonia patients to qualify for such surgery, both their lungs must fail to work after being maintained by ventilator and ECMO, and their bilateral pulmonary respiratory failure must be irreversible. In addition, the patients' nucleic acid tests should show negative results repeatedly, and their other organs should function normally to withstand lung transplantation. The patient in Saturday's surgery met all those prerequisites. He woke up from the operation on Sunday, with his transplanted lungs functioning well and his vital signs stable. "We will strictly monitor the patient's recovery and gain experience to help critically ill patients in the future," Chen said.
WS5e5c6492a31012821727b7a1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c6492a31012821727b7a1.html	2020-03-02	Coronavirus report findings released	Li Min/China Daily Some key insights into the novel coronavirus offered in the Report of the WHO-China Joint Mission on Coronavirus Disease 2019(COVID-19) Pathogen The virus has features typical of the coronavirus family and is of Betacoronavirus 2b lineage. Full genome sequence analysis of the novel coronavirus revealed that its closest relative is the SARS-like coronavirus strain BatCov RaTG13 from bats, and its genetic material is 96 percent identical. COVID-19 originated in animals, but it's not known which. Evidence suggests bats are natural carriers. Intermediate hosts between bats and humans have not yet been identified. Early cases in Wuhan, Hubei province, are believed to have acquired the infection from an animal source, as many reported visiting or working in the Huanan Wholesale Seafood Market. Transmission The novel coronavirus is transmitted via droplets and materials with the virus during close, unprotected contact. Airborne spread has not been reported and is not believed to be a major mode of transmission. In healthcare facilities, people may catch the virus by breathing contaminated droplets suspended in the air. The virus can be found in some patients' fecal samples, but fecaloral route does not appear to be the driver of COVID-19 transmission. Symptoms Symptoms of COVID-19 can range from none to severe pneumonia. Based on 55,924 confirmed cases, fever (87.9 percent) and dry cough (67.7 percent) are still the most typical. The average incubation period is five to six days. Most people infected become moderately ill and can recover. About 80 percent have had mild to moderate illness, 13.8 percent severe, and around 6.1 percent critical. Confirmed patients who show no symptoms have been reported. Demographics The median age of patients is 51, with 77.8 percent of the patients aged 30 to 69 years. Those at the highest risk of severe illness include people aged over 60 or who have underlying conditions such as hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, chronic respiratory disease and cancer. The disease is relatively rare in children. Mortality rates As of Feb 20, the overall fatality ratio of lab confirmed cases was around 3.8 percent. The statistic varies by location (5.8 percent in Wuhan vs 0.7 percent in rest of China), and mortality increases with age. More men die than women (4.7 percent vs 2.8 percent). Patients with underlying health conditions also had higher rates: 13.2 percent for those with cardiovascular disease, 9.2 percent for diabetes, 8.4 percent for hypertension, 8.0 percent for chronic respiratory disease, and 7.6 percent for cancer. In special settings Cases have been reported in healthcare facilities, prisons and other closed settings. As of Feb 20, 2,055 healthcare workers had been infected in 476 hospitals across China, and 88 percent of these cases were in Hubei.
WS5e5c5898a31012821727b6e5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c5898a31012821727b6e5.html	2020-03-02	Incisive sound bites on the fight against novel coronavirus	Check out the video for weekly incisive sound bites on the hottest topics from home and abroad. Video: Pan Yixuan Reporters: Wang Yiqing, Liu Jianna, Yao Yuxin, Pan Yixuan, Wang Kan Illustrations: Luo Jie, Li Min, Ma Xuejing, Song Chen, Cai Meng, Shi Yu, Jin Ding Producers: Zhu Ping, Zhang Chunyan, Song Wei Supervisor: Xing Zhigang
WS5e5c47d0a31012821727b695	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/02/WS5e5c47d0a31012821727b695.html	2020-03-02	Can realgar kill the novel coronavirus?	Realgar. [Photo from web] Online rumors claim that realgar, known in Chinese as xionghuang, can kill the novel coronavirus. Realgar, a traditional Chinese medicine, is a mineral comprised primarily of arsenic and sulphur. No medical studies have proved that realgar can kill the novel coronavirus. Previous research showed that fumigating realgar in combination with three TCM herbs — aiye (mugwort leaf), baizhu (Atractylodes macrocephala) and baizhi (the root of Angelicae dahuricae) — can inhibit some bacteria, including those causing tuberculosis, diphtheria and typhoid. However, it has not been proven that the practice can kill viruses, and using only realgar has not yielded satisfactory results. The novel coronavirus is now known to be sensitive to ultraviolet light and heat and would die within 30 minutes at a temperature of 56 C. There are some chemical disinfectants that can kill the virus on surfaces. These include bleach/chlorine-based disinfectants, ether solvents, 75 percent ethanol, peracetic acid and chloroform, according to the World Health Organization.
WS5e5bd316a31012821727b616	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5bd316a31012821727b616.html	2020-03-01	12 new cases of novel coronavirus confirmed in the UK	Twelve more people in England have been tested positive for the novel coronavirus, bringing the total number of cases in the United Kingdom to 35. Chief medical officer for England, Chris Whitty, confirmed that three of the new cases were known to have had close contact with an existing case in the UK. Of the others, six had recently travelled from Italy and two from Iran. One other patient, from Essex, had no connected travel history. UK health secretary, Matt Hancock, said an emergency "battle plan" is drawn up if the virus keeps spreading, measures will include banning big events, closing schools and dissuading people from using public transport. As of 9:00 am on Sunday, a total of 11,750 people in the UK have been tested, of which 11,715 were confirmed negative and 35 positive.
WS5e5b9bb8a31012821727b5e1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5b9bb8a31012821727b5e1.html	2020-03-01	Over 50% coronavirus patients didn't have fever, paper says	Zhong Nanshan in this file photo. [Photo/Xinhua] More than half of coronavirus patients admitted into hospitals did not have fever, and many did not have abnormal radiologic findings, a new research has found. The paper, published on Friday on the website of the New England Journal of Medicine, said only 43.8 percent of patients had fever on admission, and the ratio grew to 88.7 percent during hospitalization. Coughs were detected in 67.8 percent of the patients, making it the most common symptoms alongside fever, and diarrhea was uncommon (3.8 percent), according to the research led by Zhong Nanshan, a prominent scientist who heads a government-appointed panel of experts to help control the coronavirus outbreak. Lymphocytopenia was detected in 83.2 percent of the patients on admission and no radiographic or CT abnormality was found in 157 of 877 patients (17.9 percent) with mild symptoms and in five of 173 patients (2.9 percent) with severe disease, the research has found. The findings were based on 1,099 novel coronavirus patients scattered across 552 hospitals in 30 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities. The data were collected starting Jan 29, 2020, the paper said, adding that the median age of the patients was 47 years, and 41.9 percent of the patients were female. The research found that the median incubation period was four days, though the virus was found to have incubated for 24 days in one case. The mortality rate was 1.4 percent, and only 1.9 percent of the patients reported direct contact with wildlife. Among nonresidents of Wuhan, 72.3 percent had contact with Wuhan people, including 31.3 percent who had visited the city, the study has found.
WS5e5b5dfaa31012821727b557	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5b5dfaa31012821727b557.html	2020-03-01	Tokyo Marathon limited to elite runners due to coronavirus	Runners compete during the Tokyo Marathon which is only open to elite runners owing to the threat of coronavirus, in Tokyo, Japan, on March 1, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]   Runners compete during the Tokyo Marathon which is only open to elite runners owing to the threat of coronavirus, in Tokyo, Japan, on March 1, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Runners wait at the start line before the Tokyo Marathon which is only open to elite runners owing to the threat of coronavirus, in Tokyo, Japan, on March 1, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Runners compete during the Tokyo Marathon which is only open to elite runners owing to the threat of coronavirus, in Tokyo, Japan, on March 1, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e5c5f2da31012821727b749	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5c5f2da31012821727b749.html	2020-03-01	Coronavirus time bomb: America's uninsured and brutal work culture	None
WS5e5b4260a31012821727b535	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5b4260a31012821727b535.html	2020-03-01	Double lung transplant performed on novel coronavirus-infected patient	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020 [Photo/Xinhua] The first double lung transplant for a patient infected with novel coronavirus pneumonia was successfully performed in Wuxi, East China's Jiangsu province, on Saturday. Chen Jingyu, vice president of Wuxi People's Hospital, posted the case early Sunday morning. Chen and his team successfully performed the surgery after a 5-hour procedure, according to Beijing Youth Daily. The 59-year-old male patient has been awake since the surgery. The transplanted lungs function well in oxygenation, and his vital signs are stable. The patient had symptoms on Jan 23 and was diagnosed with COVID-19 in Jiangsu on Jan 26. Doctors used endotracheal intubation on Feb 7 and the extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) on Feb 22. The patient later was transferred to Wuxi No 5 People's Hospital on Monday. After endotracheal intubation, ECMO and drug treatment, the patient's continuous nucleic acid test was negative, but the function of both his lungs had been seriously damaged and the condition irreversible. The lung were donated by a non-local, brain-dead patient and transferred to Wuxi by high-speed railway in a journey that took 7 hours. According to Chen, there are three main medical prerequisites for lung transplantation in patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia. The first is that the patient's breathing was maintained by ventilator and ECMO, and that bilateral pulmonary respiratory failure was irreversible. Second, the nucleic acid test on the patient should repeatedly show negative results. The third is functions of the patient's other organs are basically normal, and the body can withstand lung transplantation.
WS5e5b1122a31012821727b4ff	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5b1122a31012821727b4ff.html	2020-03-01	Latest novel coronavirus numbers add 573 new infections	A police officer guides a driver in the snow at a checking point for epidemic prevention in Pingfang District of Harbin City, Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feb 29, 2020. Staff and volunteers work at the checking points across Harbin for novel coronavirus prevention against the snow weather recently. [Photo/Xinhua] New infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland were reported to be 573 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of infections to 79,824, the National Health Commission released on Sunday. Of those new infections, 570 were reported in Central China’s Hubei province, the center of the epidemic. As of Saturday midnight, the commission reported 35 new deaths, bringing the death toll to 2,870, according to the commission. Hubei reported 34 deaths and another death was reported in Central China’s Henan province. Another 132 new suspected cases were reported, the commission said. On the same day, a total of 2,623 people were discharged from the hospital after recovering. The commission added that the number of patients in severe condition had been reduced by 299 in the past 24 hours. It also revealed that 660,716 close contacts had been traced. On Saturday, 8,620 were discharged from medical observation. Meanwhile, another 51,856 close contacts are still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 144 confirmed cases, with two deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, according to the commission. In Hubei, the total confirmed cases hit 66,907 by Saturday midnight. Of them, most were reported in its capital, Wuhan. The province also reported 34 new fatalities in the past 24 hours, bringing the total death toll to 2,761. The commission also reported 2,292 new recovery cases in the province on the same day. A total of 7,107 patients are still in severe condition.
WS5e5b02a8a31012821727b4ef	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5b02a8a31012821727b4ef.html	2020-03-01	Italy's confirmed coronavirus cases exceed 1,000	  A man in a protective suit sanitises a water taxi as part of measures to try and contain a coronavirus outbreak, in Venice, Italy, February 28, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - A total of 1,049 people tested positive for the novel coronavirus in Italy, Civil Protection Department chief and Extraordinary Commissioner for the coronavirus emergency Angelo Borrelli said on Saturday. This figure did not comprise fatalities and recoveries. "Some 543 people -- or 52 percent of those affected -- are currently under house quarantine, since they are asymptomatic, or presents light symptoms and need no hospital treatments," Borrelli told a press conference at 6 p.m. local time (1700 GMT). Another 401 people (38 percent) were hospitalized with symptoms, and 105 (10 percent) in hospital in intensive care, the official added. The death toll rose to 29 people from 21, after eight more people died, with six in the Lombardy region and two in the Emilia Romagna region. "However, this figure can be confirmed only after the National Health Institute (ISS) has definitely established the cause of death," the Health Ministry stated. The number of people who have recovered from the infection also rose to 50 from 46 in the previous day. Considering both fatalities and recoveries, the official count of cases in the country thus reached 1,128. The majority of the infections were still registered in northern Lombardy (615 cases), central Emilia Romagna (217), and northeast Veneto (191), according to the Civil Protection chief. "There are currently some 1,800 law enforcement officials and 800 Civil Protection volunteers deployed across the country to assist doctors and medical staff," Borrelli also explained. Assessing the overall situation at the press conference with the commissioner, National Institute of Health (ISS) President Silvio Brusaferro explained it was still too early to see the impact of the containment measures adopted on the infection evolution. "The effects of the measures adopted last week will be visible in some 13-14 days, which coincides more or less with the incubation period," Brusaferro told reporters. "Therefore, the cases we are seeing today are believed to be related -- for the great majority -- to people who were infected before the measures entered into force," he explained. Officials first confirmed the coronavirus outbreak on Feb. 21, when six cases of infection emerged in the small town of Codogno in Lombardy. In response, Codogno and another nine nearby towns were put under lockdown in an effort to contain the spread of the virus. The same occurred to another town in Veneto, after another hotbed of coronavirus was registered in that region. Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte's cabinet passed a first package of measures to support households, companies, and economic sectors in the worst affected areas -- those put under quarantine in Lombardy and Veneto -- on Friday, and a second package to contain the impact on the overall domestic economy was announced. "In the next days, we will approve a broader and more substantial decree. The country must face this emergency with resolution, cohesion, and faith," Economy Minister Roberto Gualtieri wrote on Twitter.
WS5e5aedf1a31012821727b4d2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5aedf1a31012821727b4d2.html	2020-03-01	Luxembourg confirms first case of novel coronavirus	  Tourists wearing masks walk on a platform at Luxembourg railway station, February 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The first case of novel coronavirus in Luxembourg has been found, said Luxembourg's Health Minister Paulette Lenert on Saturday evening at a press conference in Luxembourg. The Luxembourg authorities have tested around 50 people and found the first person tested positive for the coronavirus. The patient, who is in his 40s, has just returned from Italy by plane via Charleroi airport (Belgium) earlier this week and was taken care of at the Luxembourg Hospital Center (CHL). The man is currently doing well, and his family has no symptoms but has been quarantined for safety. Authorities are investigating whether the patient has been in contact with other people in the country. The minister reiterated that there is no need for panic.
WS5e5ad23da31012821727b4b6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5ad23da31012821727b4b6.html	2020-03-01	CCCUK holds London event for fighting coronavirus	In London, the China Chamber of Commerce in the UK held the "UK and China, United We Stand" fundraiser event to fight the novel coronavirus outbreak.
WS5e5aa97aa31012821727b4b3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202003/01/WS5e5aa97aa31012821727b4b3.html	2020-03-01	First US coronavirus death confirmed in Washington state	  Dr. Jeff Duchin, Health Officer, Public Health of Seattle and King County speaks about the first patient death from novel coronavirus in the United States during a news conference in Seattle, Washington, February 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SAN FRANCISCO - The Washington State Department of Health confirmed the first death in connection with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) Saturday as more cases of unknown origin were reported in western US states. One person has died from COVID-19 in King County, Washington, making his/her death the first such case in the United States, health officials said. The department made no further details about how the victim contracted the virus. President Donald Trump said later in a press briefing Saturday afternoon that the victim is a woman in her late 50s. Washington Governor Jay Inslee said "it is a sad day in our state as we learn that a Washingtonian has died from COVID-19." "In partnership with the Washington State Department of Health, the Washington State Department of Emergency Management and local and community health partners, we are strengthening our preparedness and response efforts," he said. Washington health officials announced two new cases of COVID-19 in the state Friday night. The two patients are a student at Jackson High School in Mill Creek and a King County woman in her 50s, who recently traveled to Daegu, South Korea. Washington reported the first COVID-19 case of the United States last month after a man in his 30s from Snohomish County tested COVID-19 positive following his return from China's Wuhan city. As the number of COVID-19 cases increased globally, more cases of the coronavirus disease of unknown origin have been reported in US western states, triggering concern about local person-to-person spread of the infectious disease. The Santa Clara County of California reported a second COVID-19 case of unknown origin in the United States on Friday, while Oregon Health Authority said an elementary school employee tested coronavirus positive, though the person had no travel history nor close contact with infected individuals.The Oregon patient is the state's first "presumptive" COVID-19 case ever reported. Trump said the United States currently has 22 confirmed COVID-19 cases, while data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showed that there have been three cases of person-to-person transmission. There are also 47 infected people who evacuated from either Wuhan city or the Diamond Princess cruise ship docked in Japan.
WS5e5a6b82a31012821727b494	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/29/WS5e5a6b82a31012821727b494.html	2020-02-29	Coronavirus: Features, transmission, symptoms and mortality rate	Some key insights into the novel coronavirus offered in the Report of the WHO-China Joint Mission on Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pathogen The virus has features typical of the coronavirus family and belongs to the Betacoronavirus 2b lineage. Full genome sequence analysis of the novel coronavirus revealed that its closest relative is the SARS-like coronavirus strain BatCov RaTG13 from bats, with an identical rate of 96 percent. COVID-19 is a zoonotic virus, meaning it originated from animals. The exact animal origin of the virus is still unknown, but evidence suggests bats are natural carrier of this virus. The intermediate hosts between bats and humans have not yet been identified. Early cases identified in Wuhan, Hubei province, are believed to have acquired the infection from an animal source as many reported visiting or working in the Huanan Wholesale Seafood Market. However, the virus carrying animal from the market that lead to the outbreak is unknown. Viral samples collected from patients with symptoms between late December last year and mid-February showed 99.9 percent homology, meaning the virus had not experience significant mutation. Medical workers gesture to each other through the window in Zhangzhou Municipal Hospital in Zhangzhou, East China's Fujian province, on Feb 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Transmission The novel coronavirus is transmitted via droplets and fomites during close, unprotected contact between an infector and infectee. Airborne spread has not been reported for COVID-19 and it is not believed to be a major mode of transmission based on current evidence. However, in healthcare facilities, people may catch the virus if they breathed in aerosol, the suspension of fine solid or liquid particles in air, that had been contaminated by the virus. The virus can be found in some patients' fecal samples, but fecal-oral route does not appear to be the driver of COVID-19 transmission, and its role and significance remains to be determined. In China, human-to-human transmission is largely occurring in families in some provinces, such as Guangdong and Sichuan. Medical workers inject medicine for Li Zuofan (R) at an intensive care ward of the novel coronavirus infection cases at a branch of Tongji Hospital affiliated to Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Symptoms Symptoms of COVID-19 can range from no symptoms to severe pneumonia and death. Based on 55,924 confirmed cases, typical signs and symptoms include: fever (87.9%), dry cough (67.7%), fatigue (38.1%), sputum production (33.4%), shortness of breath (18.6%), sore throat (13.9%), headache (13.6%), myalgia or arthralgia (14.8%), chills (11.4%), nausea or vomiting (5.0%), nasal congestion (4.8%), diarrhea (3.7%), and hemoptysis (0.9%), and conjunctival congestion (0.8%). People with COVID-19 generally develop signs and symptoms, including mild respiratory symptoms and fever, on an average of 5-6 days after infection. The average incubation period is five to six days, with a range going as far as 14 days. Most people infected with the virus have mild disease and can recover. About 80 percent of lab confirmed cases have had mild to moderate disease, 13.8 percent severe disease, and around 6.1 are critical. Confirmed patients showing no symptoms at the date of testing have been reported, but they are relatively rare and majority of them will eventually develop the disease. Security staff members check passengers' temperature at Jinggangshan Airport in Ji'an, East China's Jiangxi province, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Demographics There have been 55,924 lab confirmed cases as of Feb 20. The median age is 51, with the majority of cases (77.8%) aged between 30-69 years. Among the reported cases, 51.1 percent are male, 77 percent are from Hubei, and 21.6 percent are farmers or laborers by occupation. Individuals at the highest risk for severe disease include people aged over 60, and those with underlying conditions such as hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, chronic respiratory disease and cancer. Disease in children is relatively rare with around 2.4 percent of the total reported cases aged below 19. A very small proportion of those aged under 19 patients developed severe (2.5%) or critical disease (0.2%). A discharged patient waves to medical staff at Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 27, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Morality rates As of Feb 20, the crude fatality ratio of lab confirmed cases was around 3.8 percent. The overall fatality rates vary by location, and morality increases with age, with the highest being people over age 80. The crude fatality ratio is higher among males compared to females (4.7% vs. 2.8%). And patients with underlying health conditions also had higher rates: 13.2% for those with cardiovascular disease, 9.2% for diabetes, 8.4% for hypertension, 8.0% for chronic respiratory disease, and 7.6% for cancer. Because COVID-19 is a newly identified pathogen, there is no known pre-existing immunity in humans. Based on the epidemiologic characteristics observed so far in China, everyone is assumed to be susceptible. There may be risk factors increasing susceptibility to infection. This requires further study, as well as to know whether there is neutralizing immunity after infection. Sun Shaobo/China Daily Transmission in special settings There have been reported cases in healthcare facilities, prisons, and other closed settings. Presently it is unclear what role these settings and groups play in the transmission, but they do not appear to be major drivers of the overall epidemic. As of Feb 20, there were 2,055 infected healthcare workers in 476 hospitals across China, the majority of which (88%) were reported from Hubei. Most of the infected medical workers were identified early in the outbreak in Wuhan when supplies and experience with the new disease was lower. Additionally, investigations among healthcare workers suggest that many may have been infected within the household rather than in a healthcare setting. Outside of Hubei, healthcare worker infections have been less frequent. There have been reports of COVID-19 transmission in prisons in Hubei, Shandong, and Zhejiang provinces. The close proximity and contact among people in these settings and the potential for environmental contamination are important factors, which could amplify transmission.
WS5e5a3ddda31012821727b46a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/29/WS5e5a3ddda31012821727b46a.html	2020-02-29	Medical needs of non-coronavirus patients should also be met, official says	A doctor analyzes images of suspected novel coronavirus cases with the help of AI-powered medical imaging evaluation system developed by Yitu Technology in Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, on Feb 5. [Photo provided to China Daily] While a large part of the medical resources should be devoted to treating patients with the novel coronavirus pneumonia, the daily medical service demands of patients with other diseases should also be guaranteed, an official with the National Health Commission said on Saturday. The provincial authority in Hubei has been asked to divide the province into high-, medium- and low-risk areas of the outbreak, and have different focus in terms of medical work, said Guo Yanhong, an official with the commission. For high-risk areas, such as Wuhan city in the province, the prevention and control of the virus and the treatment of COVID-19 patients should be the focus of medical work, she said. Meanwhile, medical service needs of cancer, uremia and other chronic diseases patients, maternal, child and the elderly as well as emergency patients should also be met, she added. Hubei province has made public the list of medical institutions that receive patients of other diseases. The province has also designated medical institutions for maternal patients without the virus-related pneumonia, according to Guo. "The arrangement is to guarantee the medical service demands of patients could be met in an orderly way," she said. In areas with medium risk, medical authorities need to gradually restore the normal medical services and shift the work focus from outbreak control to daily medical services, while preventing the outbreak and treating the patients of COVID-19, she said. Guo said in areas with low risk, daily medical services will be fully and rapidly restored to meet the health needs of people.
WS5e59c500a31012821727b381	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/29/WS5e59c500a31012821727b381.html	2020-02-29	427 new coronavirus cases reported on Chinese mainland	Medical workers receive training at the tumor center of the Union Hospital affiliated to Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Liu Kunwei/Provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The Chinese mainland reported 427 new cases of the novel coronavirus and 47 deaths on Friday, bringing the number of total infections up to 79,521, the National Health Commission said on Saturday. Among the 47 fatalities, 45 were reported in Hubei, the outbreak epicenter, one in Beijing and one in Henan province, the commission said, adding that the Chinese mainland also reported 248 new suspected cases. On Friday, 2,885 patients were discharged from hospitals after recovery, 10,193 people who had close contact with infected patients were freed from medical observation and the number of severe cases dropped by 288. By the end of Friday, the Chinese mainland reported 39,002 recoveries, 2,835 deaths and 79,251 infections. The health authorities have also traced 658,587 people who had close contact with infected patients and 58,233 of them are still under medical observation. Hong Kong has reported 94 confirmed cases by Friday with two deaths and 30 recoveries, Macao has reported 10 with eight recovered and discharged from hospitals, and Taiwan confirmed 34 cases with one death and nine discharged from hospitals. Hubei province reported 423 new confirmed cases and 45 fatalities on Friday, with the majority of them in its capital city of Wuhan that had 420 new cases and 37 new deaths, bringing the two numbers in the province up to 66,337 and 2,727, according to the Hubei provincial health commission. Wuhan, the hardest-hit area, had 420 new cases and 37 new deaths on Friday. The city has registered 48,557 confirmed cases and 2,169 deaths. By the end of Friday, 28,895 patients were discharged from hospitals, with 17,552 of them in Wuhan. A total number of 31,064 patients are still under treatment, with 6,056 of them critically ill. The province has traced 263,916 people with close contact and 39,303 of them are still under medical observation. Hubei had 1,171 suspected cases as of Friday night.
WS5e5991eca310a2fabb7a28a1	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/29/WS5e5991eca310a2fabb7a28a1.html	2020-02-29	Pet dog tested 'weak positive' for coronavirus quarantined	The first pet dog to test "weak positive" for the novel coronavirus had not shown symptoms, local authorities said on Friday. Despite that, the dog, which belongs to a coronavirus patient in Hong Kong, has been put in quarantine, a spokesman for the Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department said. There was not sufficient evidence to suggest that pets could contract the coronavirus or be a source of infection to humans, Secretary for Food and Health Sophia Chan Siu-chee told the media on Friday. Patients confirmed to have contracted the virus are strongly advised to put their pets in designated animal-keeping facilities for quarantine and veterinary surveillance for 14 days, the spokesman added. The dog was collected from a residential flat in Tai Hang on the evening of the same day and sent to the animal-keeping facility at the Hong Kong Port of Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge. Nasal and oral samples tested weak positive for the virus. More tests need to be carried out to confirm whether the dog had been infected with the virus or whether the test results were caused by contamination of the dog's mouth and nose, the department said. It will only be released from quarantine when all test results are negative. People on compulsory home quarantine may stay with their pets, or bring them to a vet, the department advised, which also recommended finding other friends and relatives who are not under quarantine to walk the dogs. According to the World Health Organization, although there is no evidence that animals such as dogs and cats can contract the novel coronavirus, "it is always a good idea to wash your hands with soap and water after contact with pets". tommy@chinadailyhk.com  
WS5e596ab4a31012821727b2f0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/29/WS5e596ab4a31012821727b2f0.html	2020-02-29	President: Nation makes gains against coronavirus	Medical workers inject medicine for Li Zuofan(R) at an intensive care ward of the novel coronavirus infection cases at a branch of Tongji Hospital affiliated to Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, Feb. 18, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] President Xi Jinping said on Friday positive developments in the fight against novel coronavirus pneumonia in China have been expanding thanks to the country's arduous efforts. Xi made the remark in telephone call with Chilean President Sebastian Pinera. He said that the epidemic is a major health emergency and that the "ferocity of the virus, the scale and magnitude of its spread, and the resulting pressure faced by the whole of society, are unprecedented" since the People's Republic of China was founded in 1949. China has the confidence and capability to win the battle against the virus, Xi said. Also on Friday night, while speaking to his Cuban counterpart Miguel Diaz-Canel over the phone, Xi said China highly appreciated the understanding and support from Cuba and the Cuban president himself. Xi mentioned that Raul Castro, first secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba, and Diaz-Canel had expressed their sympathies at the start of the outbreak, and the Cuban president also went to the Chinese embassy in Cuba to express support for China. This fully shows the traditional friendship between China and Cuba, Xi said. Cuba has shown respect for and cooperation with China's epidemic control work by maintaining normal communication and cooperation between the two countries in accordance with the professional advice of the World Health Organization, he added.
WS5e593ea2a31012821727b2e9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/29/WS5e593ea2a31012821727b2e9.html	2020-02-29	WHO increases coronavirus risk to 'very high'	Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus attends a news conference on the situation of the coronavirus (COVID-2019), in Geneva, Switzerland, Feb 28, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The World Health Organization upgraded its coronavirus risk assessment to "very high" on Friday as cases of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 disease continue to increase and in more countries. The WHO said on Friday that it had received reports of a total of 4,351 cases in 49 countries, and 67 deaths, outside China. Denmark, Estonia, Lithuania, the Netherlands and Nigeria had all reported their first cases in the 24 hours before Friday's press conferences in Geneva. All the cases have links to Italy. "The continued increase in the number of cases, and the number of affected countries over the last few days, are clearly of concern," said the WHO's Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. He said that WHO epidemiologists have been monitoring these developments continuously. "We have now increased our assessment of the risk of spread and the risk of impact of COVID-19 to very high at a global level," he said. According to the WHO, most cases can still be traced to known contacts or clusters of cases. It does not see evidence as yet that the virus is spreading freely in communities. "As long as that's the case, we still have a chance of containing this virus, if robust action is taken to detect cases early, isolate and care for patients and trace contacts," Tedros said. "The key to containing this virus is to break the chains of transmission." Tedros said that work is progressing on vaccines and therapeutics. More than 20 vaccines are in development globally, and several therapeutics are in clinical trials. "We expect the first results in a few weeks," he said. He cautioned that people can still take action to protect themselves, despite the lack of a vaccine. "There are things every individual can do to protect themselves and others today," he said, citing basic things such as washing hands regularly, cleaning surfaces regularly with disinfectant, being well informed on COVID-19, avoiding travelling with a fever or cough, not coughing or sneezing into clothing, and for people over 60 to take extra precautions. Michael Ryan, executive director of the WHO's Health Emergencies Program, repeated at the press conference that it is not accurate to use the word "pandemic". "If we say there is a pandemic coronavirus, we are essentially accepting that every human on the planet will be exposed to that virus. The data does not support that," he said. "China has clearly shown that's not necessarily the natural outcome of this event if we take action, if we move quickly, if we do the things we need to do. That does not need to be the history of this event," He emphasized that if countries don't take action, don't move quickly and don't get ready, "that might be a future that people have to experience and endure". "So much of the future of this epidemic is not in the hands of the virus. A lot of the future of this epidemic is in the hands of ourselves," he said. Maria Van Kerkhove, technical lead with the program, said there is a lot that countries can learn from China in dealing with COVID-19. Kerkhove, who just returned from a two-week trip to China, said lessons learned can be useful for low-income and high-income countries, low-incidence and high-incidence areas, as well as areas with migrant populations.
WS5e5920bca31012821727b2db	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e5920bca31012821727b2db.html	2020-02-28	Wang: China will help Iran in fight against coronavirus	An Iranian man wears a protective masks to prevent contracting coronavirus, as he sits in the bus in Tehran, Iran February 25, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] China will continue to provide assistance within its capabilities to Iran in curbing the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic and treating the sick, a senior official said on Friday. State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi made the remarks in a telephone conversation with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. China has already donated a batch of nucleic acid detection kits and medical supplies to Iran, Wang said, adding that the Chinese people are ready to stand with the Iranian people to overcome the difficulties together. Noting the epidemic in Iran is worsening, Wang said that China expresses sympathy with Iran and its condolences to the victims of the epidemic, and wishes early recovery of all the infected patients. When the disease broke out in China, Iran was the first country to extend its sympathy, according to Wang. He noted that with its real actions, Iran has demonstrated the meaning of real friendship and strong solidarity between the two countries and peoples, and China will never forget it. Wang added that he believes Iran will win the battle against the epidemic. Zarif said that Iran admires the positive results that China has achieved in fighting the epidemic and thanks China for its medical supplies and technical support. Iran stands ready to strengthen exchanges and cooperation with China and learn from its experience in fighting the virus, he said.
WS5e58fccca31012821727b298	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e58fccca31012821727b298.html	2020-02-28	Third confirmed case of novel coronavirus in Africa reported in Nigeria	Nigeria became the third country in Africa to confirm a case of the novel coronavirus, Nigerian health officials on Friday said. They said an Italian citizen who works in Nigeria and returned from Milan, Italy to Lagos, Nigeria, on February 25, 2020, was found to be infected. According to a statement released on Friday by Osagie Ehanire, Nigeria's federal health minister, the patient is clinically stable with no serious symptoms and is under treatment at the Infectious Disease Hospital in Yaba, Lagos. "We have already started working to identify everyone the patient has contacted since he entered Nigeria," Ehanire said. "I wish to assure all Nigerians that we have been beefing up our preparedness capabilities since the first confirmation of cases in China and we will use all the resources made available by the government to respond to this case." While reminding Nigerians to take care of their health and maintain hand and respiratory hygiene to protect themselves, the minister cautioned against spreading misinformation that causes fear and panic especially through social media. Earlier this week, Algeria became the second country in Africa after Egypt to confirm a case on the continent after an Italian passenger who entered the country on February 17 tested positive for the virus. The past week has seen a sharp increase in the number of infections outside China as the number of new infections within China started registering a steady decline.
WS5e58fba3a31012821727b295	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e58fba3a31012821727b295.html	2020-02-28	Shanghai retailers tap livestreaming amid coronavirus outbreak	Staff of a women's fashion store in a shopping mall in Shanghai sell bags through a livestream on Friday afternoon. In light of the novel coronavirus outbreak, many of the city's retailers have turned to online platforms to sell their products.
WS5e58e7efa31012821727b28d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e58e7efa31012821727b28d.html	2020-02-28	Coronavirus control measures will continue despite progress, official says	The State Council Information Office holds a news conference in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province on Feb 28, 2020. [Photo by Pan Songgang/chinadaily.com.cn] Efforts to control and prevent the novel coronavirus outbreak in China will not slow down despite the progress made, minister of health said on Friday. "Risks exist for the outbreak to rebound, and we must not relax," Ma Xiaowei said at a news conference organized by the State Council Information Office in Wuhan. Various authorities must firmly contain the epidemic in Hubei province to prevent big outbreaks in other parts of China and contribute to global epidemic control, he said. China has mobilized national resources to cope with the biggest public health crisis over the past 70 years, including sending more than 40,000 medical workers in more than 330 batches to Hubei province to help combat the disease and rescue lives, Ma said. Consistent efforts have resulted in the progress of epidemic control, with increasing number of patients cured, he said. More than 36,000 patients across China have been cured and released from hospital as of present, he said. The ministry will guide local authorities to draw different strategies on epidemic control in different regions, including Wuhan city, Hubei province and Beijing municipality, regarding their epidemic risks, Ma said. Meanwhile, 19 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions will continue to provide support to cities in Hubei province other than Wuhan, its capital, to cure patients, he said. Liang Wannian, head of an expert team organized by National Health Commission to cope with the epidemic, said at the same news conference that outbreaks of the virus have been contained in Hubei province, except Wuhan, with number of new cases in these cities falling greatly. Nationwide, outbreaks have also eased in general, he said.
WS5e58e4e3a31012821727b285	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e58e4e3a31012821727b285.html	2020-02-28	Universities to admit more master's students affected by coronavirus	None
WS5e586a91a31012821727af63	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e586a91a31012821727af63.html	2020-02-28	South Korea reports 315 new coronavirus cases, total 2,337	People wearing masks to prevent contracting the coronavirus wait in line to buy masks at a department store in Seoul, South Korea Feb 27, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea confirmed 315 more cases of the COVID-19 on Friday afternoon, raising the total number of infections to 2,337. The new cases reported on Friday morning are 256.  The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) has updated the data twice a day at 10:00 am and 5:00 pm local time. The virus infection soared in recent days, with 1,735 new cases reported on Feb 19-27. The country raised its four-tier virus alert to the highest "red" level on Sunday.
WS5e58c792a31012821727b1e5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e58c792a31012821727b1e5.html	2020-02-28	All coronavirus patients recovered in Taizhou	Taizhou, in East China's Jiangsu province, announced that all 37 confirmed cases of COVID-19 have recovered and been discharged from hospitals by Friday. The city ordered all people coming back to resume work to register their information on a disease control APP to help contain the spread of the contagion. By Friday, Jiangsu had discharged more than 80 percent of its confirmed 631 cases. The province has not found any newly infected patients for nine consecutive days. A total of 304 people are still under medical observation in the province.
WS5e58b972a31012821727b1b1	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e58b972a31012821727b1b1.html	2020-02-28	New Zealand confirms first case of new coronavirus	WELLINGTON - New Zealand confirmed its first case of the new coronavirus on Friday in someone who returned from Iran, but said the chances of a community outbreak remains low. The patient -- in their 60s -- tested positive for COVID-19 earlier in the day. The person is being treated in Auckland City Hospital and their condition is improving, a Health Ministry statement said. "Although we have our first case of COVID-19, the chances of community outbreak remain low," the ministry said. Public health officials have begun tracing the patient’s contact history and will test the individual's family members for the virus. The person travelled on an Emirates Airline flight that originated in Tehran, stopped in Bali, Indonesia, and ended in Auckland on Feb 26. People on the final leg of the flight, who are concerned, should contact authorities, the ministry said. Reuters
WS5e5885ada31012821727b0d4	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e5885ada31012821727b0d4.html	2020-02-28	Tokyo Disneyland to close through mid-March on coronavirus concerns	People wearing masks queue to buy masks at a drugstore in Tokyo, Japan February 28, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Tokyo Disneyland will be closed starting from Saturday through to March 15 amid an outbreak of coronavirus infections in Japan, operator Oriental Land Co Ltd said on Friday. Both Tokyo Disneyland and DisneySea will be closed starting Saturday, the company said. The move comes after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called for all schools to close to stop the coronavirus spreading. The government has also urged that big gatherings and sports events be scrapped or curtailed for two weeks. Reuters  
WS5e58856aa31012821727b0cf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e58856aa31012821727b0cf.html	2020-02-28	AFC calls for emergency coronavirus meetings	KUALA LUMPUR -- The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) said on Thursday it will convene emergency meetings with representatives from both its eastern and western regions over the coming week to manage the spread and impact of coronavirus. The meeting of representatives of member associations, leagues and clubs for the East Zone will be held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on Monday, and the West Zone meeting will follow on March 7 and 8, said Asian football's governing body. The AFC added that it has been working with FIFA to assess the impact on the upcoming World Cup and Asian Cup qualifying matches scheduled to take place in March. Several AFC Champions League group stage matches in early March and April involving teams from the United Arab Emirates, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Thailand and South Korea are to be postponed. "We are grateful for the support we have received from all our stakeholders, as we try to protect the safety and well-being of all our players, officials and spectators while also ensuring the integrity of the competitions," said AFC general secretary Windsor John.
WS5e587145a31012821727afc7	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e587145a31012821727afc7.html	2020-02-28	Japan schools may be shut longer depending on coronavirus outbreak	Elementary school students wearing masks walk toward their school in Tokyo, Japan, Feb 28, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Japan's health minister Katsunobu Kato said on Friday there was a chance schools could be closed longer than one or two weeks, depending on the spread of the coronavirus outbreak. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday urged Japan's entire school system, from elementary to high schools, to close from Monday until spring break late in March to help contain the coronavirus outbreak. "There could be a chance" schools could be shut for longer, Kato told parliament. "But the priority is to do what we can now," he said. On Thursday, Osaka decided to close all public kindergartens, elementary and junior high schools from Saturday in a bid to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, after a female patient tested positive for the virus again after being discharged from hospital. It was the first time in Japan that a patient apparently cleared of the virus had subsequently tested positive. The number of cases in Japan has now risen to more than 200. Meanwhile, in Iran, another high-profile politician, Mojtaba Zolnour, the chairman of the Iranian parliament's national security and foreign affairs committee, said on Thursday that he had been infected with the coronavirus. Earlier, Deputy Health Minister Iraj Harirchi was confirmed infected. Also, Iran confirmed seven more deaths from the virus, taking the total to 26, state media reported on Thursday. In neighboring Pakistan, authorities detected the country's first two cases on Wednesday, days after Islamabad closed its land border with Iran. Both patients had a recent history of traveling to Iran. Pakistan is screening all passengers coming from Iran at airports and land borders, and special isolation wards have been created for suspected cases. Afghanistan also confirmed its first virus infection this week. Afghan television and radio broadcasts have begun advising people on how to prevent transmission of the virus, while residents rushed to buy face masks－straining supplies and sparking a tenfold increase in the cost of a single mask at some pharmacies in the capital Kabul. To make matters worse, the country's healthcare system is in tatters after more than four decades of war, with the few available hospitals focused mainly on basic care and trauma. Separately, Iraq announced a new case of the virus in the country's capital Baghdad on Thursday, taking the total number of cases in Iraq to six. The Iraqi health ministry said in a statement that a man contracted the virus after a trip to Iran, but was in "good health" in a Baghdad hospital. The Iraqi authorities have taken a series of precautionary measures to prevent the spread of the virus after cases of the disease were confirmed earlier in the provinces of Najaf and Kirkuk. As of Thursday morning, Bahrain had 33 confirmed cases and the authorities had halted all flights to Iraq and Lebanon. In Kuwait, the number of confirmed cases has risen to 43. Agencies
WS5e586fa2a31012821727afab	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e586fa2a31012821727afab.html	2020-02-28	Coronavirus cuts deeper into Europe	Tourists wear protective masks in Saint Mark's Square in Venice as Italy battles a coronavirus outbreak, Venice, Italy, Feb 27, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] 17 countries declare cases as continent braces for rise in number of infections ROME－Europe continued to brace for an increase in confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus on Thursday as officials take measures to contain the spread of the virus in what countries now see as the early stage of a COVID-19 epidemic. A growing number of people linked to Italy, which has more coronavirus cases outside Asia than anywhere else, fell ill across Europe, with 17 European countries reporting confirmed cases of infection as of early on Thursday. By press time, two more people had died in the country from coronavirus, bringing the death toll from the worst outbreak of the disease yet seen in Europe to 14, the Civil Protection agency said on Thursday. The number of confirmed cases has risen to 528 from 420 announced on Wednesday. Denmark and Estonia reported their first confirmed cases on Thursday, while Romania, North Macedonia, Norway and Greece did likewise on Wednesday. One day earlier, Switzerland, Austria and Croatia also reported their first cases. The number in Switzerland rose to four on Thursday. Other countries that had previously reported cases, including Italy and Germany, have also seen confirmed new infections. Denmark has confirmed its first coronavirus infection in a man who returned from a skiing holiday in northern Italy, the Danish health authority said on Thursday. The man was put in isolation in his own home. And Estonia has confirmed its first case of the virus in a man who returned from Iran, Russian news agencies TASS and Interfax reported on Thursday, citing Estonian Minister of Social Affairs Tanel Kiik, who added that the person is a permanent resident of Estonia but not a citizen. Romanian Health Minister Victor Costache confirmed late on Wednesday that a 20-year-old Romanian had tested positive for the novel coronavirus. North Macedonia confirmed its first case of infection, diagnosed in a woman who recently arrived from Italy, Health Minister Venko Filipce said on Wednesday. Italy calls for support Meanwhile, Italy sought to rally international support for its virus containment efforts on Wednesday. At the start of a crisis meeting with the World Health Organization and European Union representatives in Rome, Italian Health Minister Roberto Speranza said:"Viruses don't know borders and they don't stop at them." Germany and France also reported two cases apiece in people with no known ties to Italy, travel to China or contact with an infected person, raising concern about additional clusters of unknown origin possibly forming in Europe. "We are at the beginning of a coronavirus epidemic in Germany," German Health Minister Jens Spahn said, adding that he had asked state health officials to review their emergency plans for pandemics. European Union Health Commissioner Stella Kyriakides said on Wednesday in Rome that EU countries should coordinate their responses to the outbreak of the coronavirus to avoid divergent approaches. Kyriakides said countries should not give in to panic and that the EU would provide information for travelers on the virus. "All member states need to inform us of their preparedness plans," she said. "Divergent approaches across the EU should be avoided," Kyriakides said, adding the EU executive was ready to coordinate responses. The German Health Ministry said on Wednesday that the country was "at the beginning of an epidemic" as authorities in the west tested dozens of people who had contact with an infected couple. British Health Secretary Matt Hancock also said on Wednesday that the government expects more cases to arise and it has a clear four-part plan to respond to the outbreak: contain, delay, research and mitigate. As of Wednesday morning, 7,132 people in the country had been tested for the virus, Hancock said in a statement. By Thursday morning, 15 people had been confirmed with the virus. Xinhua
WS5e586d56a31012821727af89	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e586d56a31012821727af89.html	2020-02-28	327 new coronavirus cases reported on Chinese mainland	A computer image created by Nexu Science Communication together with Trinity College in Dublin, shows a model structurally representative of a betacoronavirus which is the type of virus linked to COVID-19 shared with Reuters on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The Chinese mainland reported 327 new infections of COVID-19, a novel coronavirus, over the course of Thursday, bringing the total cases up to 78,824, according to the National Health Commission. It also said 44 additional deaths were counted on Thursday for a total of 2,788. Despite a spike on Wednesday, regions outside Hubei province, the center of the outbreak, resumed single-digit increases in daily new infections and only reported nine additional cases on Thursday. Previously, these regions reported single-digit increases in daily new infections on Monday and Tuesday. Among the 39,919 patients that are under medical treatment across the Chinese mainland, 7,952 exhibit serious symptoms. A total of 36,117 people have been cured and released from hospitals as of Thursday midnight, it continued. To date, 656,054 people who had close contact with infected patients have been traced. Among them, 65,225 people are still under medical observation, it added. It also said 452 suspected cases were added on Thursday. There are now 2,308 suspected infections on the Chinese mainland. In Hubei, 318 cases were confirmed for the 24 hours ending Thursday at midnight, bringing its total up to 65,914, according to the commission. To date, 2,682 people in the province have succumbed to the virus as of Thursday midnight and 41 of them died of it on the day, it said. Wuhan, ground zero of the epidemic, continues to top Hubei cities as to the numbers of newly confirmed cases and new fatalities. The Hubei provincial capital registered 313 new infections on Thursday, bringing confirmed cases to date in the city up to 48,137. With another 28 deaths on Thursday, a total of 2,132 people of Wuhan's population of 11 million have died of the virus. Among the 36,829 infected patients that are still hospitalized in the province, 7,633 exhibit serious symptoms, it said. It also said 332 suspected cases were reported across Hubei and there are now 1,989 such cases in the province. Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions and Taiwan province have reported a total of 135 confirmed cases as of Thursday midnight, including two deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, the commission noted. It also said 40 patients in these regions have been discharged from hospitals.
WS5e586593a310a2fabb7a288f	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e586593a310a2fabb7a288f.html	2020-02-28	Coronavirus outbreak has already promoted intolerance and bigotry	sing a Chinese metric, one can credibly describe the long era of European history following the fall of the Western Roman Empire in AD 476 until 1945 as, more often than not, a "warring states" period. Before and after that fall, powerful tribes invaded by land from the north. Vikings later did likewise by the sea. Within much of Europe, numerous kingdoms were recurrently engaged in conflict with one another. Then came the Reformation in the 16th century. Christianity was split as never before. Still, more savage levels of warfare followed. Martin Luther, the man who did most to trigger the Reformation, was deeply hostile to the pope and the Roman Catholic Church. In due course, he also became militantly anti-Jewish. Here we encounter another severe Western religious divide - one which dates back over 2,000 years to the dawn of the birth of Christianity. In the 20th century, Europe brought us World War I, from 1914 to 1918 - the "war to end all wars". That war did not secure this outcome. World War II followed from 1939 to 1945. The most infamous aspect of WWII was the Holocaust - the name given to the horrific Nazi-German scheme where millions of Jews and other "undesirables" were exterminated in a series of central European death camps. As it happens, Luther's anti-Jewish legacy helped lay important foundations for this genocidal project. The lead-up to this overwhelming terror encompassed years of fearsome Nazi attacks on Jews, which included Kristallnacht, in November 1938, when hundreds of synagogues were wrecked, thousands of Jewish businesses were destroyed and some 30,000 Jews were arrested and sent to concentration camps. The extreme revulsion felt around the world - after the totality of these unspeakable Nazi projects was revealed - helped energize a powerful desire to create the United Nations. In early 1946, the first meeting of the UN General Assembly was held in London. In late 1948, the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) as a pivotal part of the project to protect individual rights against horrific abuse. This seminal international instrument states in its title that it is a universal declaration. In the preamble, it goes on to proclaim the essential need for "the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms". These are admirable aims. Since 1948, a vast human rights movement has evolved around the globe, standing on the shoulders of the UDHR. This movement has asserted the crucial need to protect human rights and its readiness to do so. The outbreak of the new coronavirus in China, in Wuhan, in 2019 has, however, conspicuously tested this readiness on a global basis. At this point, we need to consider some facts. The human infectious disease arising from this virus is now known as COVID-19. Although COVID-19 may be no more dangerous than a bad seasonal flu, like all influenzas, it can still be lethal. Those whose existing state of health is compromised are most vulnerable. Notably more concerning is the fact that this is a new human viral infection. There is no vaccine. There will not be one for some time. The precise mode of the development and the effects of COVID-19 are not yet fully known. It is, though, significantly contagious. Now we need to consider the increasingly grim reaction to Chinese people globally which has gathered such pace in the wake of the onset of this viral outbreak. The propagation of misleading and false information, for example citing the dangers of eating regular Chinese food, about the disease is epidemic. Highly discriminatory discussion and treatment of Chinese people is increasingly rampant in places like Australia, the UK, and the US. This menacing narrative has also been readily endorsed by certain groups within Hong Kong. In Australia, long-established Chinese restaurants are closing and Chinese people have been locked out of their rental homes, to take just two examples. The impact of this massive stigmatization exercise is global. It includes malevolently recycled references to China being the "sick man of Asia" and the onset of a new "yellow peril". We should remember, too, how in Hong Kong over recent months, conspicuous numbers of China-related businesses have been trashed, some repeatedly, and Chinese mainland students, visitors and residents have lived in increasing fear of localist intimidation and violence. We have witnessed shocking levels of basic rights abuses directed at people from the mainland and China-linked businesses in Hong Kong and, now, after the onset of the COVID-19 epidemic, against Chinese people generally, worldwide. But has that world-spanning human rights movement risen with all the vigor it can regularly display to denounce these abuses? With some limited exceptions, the answer is no, it has not. In 2012, as the London Olympics progressed, an article by Ross Clark appeared in The Spectator, a British weekly, entitled Sinophobia, the last acceptable racism. Clark argued that unfounded, critical responses to Chinese success at those games reflected an irrational suspicion of China. Unhappily, this analysis retains robust traction. After recently urging the world to show sympathy and express solidarity toward Chinese people at this very difficult time, former prime minister of Australia, Kevin Rudd, went on to observe that: "These are ugly times and the racism implicit (and sometimes explicit) in many responses to Chinese people around the world makes me question just how far we have come as a human family." After decades of copious human rights discourse, preaching tolerance, enacting hate crime laws, praising multiculturalism, we have come to this: The overall response of the global human rights movement to the comprehensive abuse of rights outlined here has been shamefully minimalist. It seems, more than 70 years since the passage of the UDHR, some people are still less universal than others. I would argue that Western-supported "regime change" efforts (a color revolution) is the elephant in the room. To try and resolve the Hong Kong crisis without addressing that dimension is naive and tantamount to burying one's head in the sand. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.  
WS5e5852dfa31012821727aea1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e5852dfa31012821727aea1.html	2020-02-28	650 coronavirus cases confirmed in Italy, recoveries rise	A supermarket worker adjusts a protective face mask as he walks past shops in Casalpusterlengo, one of the towns on lockdown due to a coronavirus outbreak, in this picture taken by schoolteacher Marzio Toniolo in Casalpusterlengo, Italy, February 26, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - A total of 650 coronavirus cases have been confirmed in Italy, an increase by 122 cases compared to the previous count provided by authorities at midday Thursday. Fatalities linked to the infection rose to 17, after three more people died in northern Lombardy region, according to the authorities. "All three were in their 80s -- and specifically two people aged 88 and one aged 82 -- and all had a delicate and critical clinical picture," Angelo Borrelli, chief of the Civil Protection Department and extraordinary commissioner for the coronavirus emergency, told a press conference at 6 p.m. local time. "I would like to stress again also the positive news related to the number of infected people who have recovered, which has further increased to 40 in Lombardy," Borrelli explained. In the morning, the official had confirmed 37 cases of recovery in the same region, which is the most affected together with northeast Veneto. "Adding them to those already mentioned -- two people in Sicily and three in Lazio (around Rome), we have 45 people cured," Borrelli specified. Italian authorities on Thursday tried hard to reassure about the situation and the full transparency of information provided daily. Both Borrelli and Foreign Affairs Minister Luigi Di Maio warned against exaggerating the situation, stressing that there was no need to panic or to suggest avoiding a visit in the country. All cases of infection in the country were traced down to the only two hotbeds of infection identified, both in the north, Di Maio said while addressing a press conference at the Foreign Press Association in Rome. "The outbreaks concerned a few municipalities in the Lodi areas (Lombardy), and one municipality in Veneto," he said. A need to "rein in" fears and face the situation more calmly was felt among some Italians in the streets as well. According to 27-year-old student Carlo Caboni, the containment measures activated in northern Italy "will surely be useful to contain the epidemic, and there should be (now) more measures against virus panic." "At the end of the day, this is a relatively manageable virus, there is no need to get alarmed and implementing closures," Filippo Franze, a lawyer, told Xinhua. Micaela Russo, a 30-year-old tourism professional, agreed that it was important "to contain panic and phobia, and help citizens understand that the coronavirus is not the end of the world." Russo confirmed Italy's tourism sector was already suffering the impact of the fears around the epidemic, and she worried about further "economic, social and health damages to the country." Also on Thursday, researchers at the Sacco University Hospital in Milan announced they were able to isolate the Italian strain of coronavirus, according to Ansa news agency. The discovery was made by a team led by professor Claudia Balotta, according to Sacco's Biomedical and Clinical Sciences Department director Massimo Galli. The team comprised four Italian researchers and one Polish colleague, Galli told Ansa.
WS5e5846f8a31012821727ae69	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e5846f8a31012821727ae69.html	2020-02-28	Hubei native's company tests disinfectant to kill coronavirus	A human coronavirus disinfectant, newly developed by a US-based company, could help China fight COVID-19 after it effectively killed the novel coronavirus in lab tests, the company said. [ZHANG YUE\CHINA DAILY] A human coronavirus disinfectant, newly developed by a US-based company, could help China fight COVID-19 after it effectively killed the novel coronavirus in lab tests, the company said. The product was developed by HBM Group Inc in Queens Village, New York, founded in 1998 by Gordon X. Hu, a Chinese American originally from Central China's Hubei province. "Since the coronavirus outbreak, there has been a pain in my heart for my hometown. I have always wanted to find a way to help people there, and now I can," Hu said in a press release. "Now, we have successfully developed a disinfectant safe for humans, and we hope to ship them to my hometown as fast as possible. We know that this can help everyone there and help control the outbreak." The product, Medispo® Virus and Bacteria Disinfectant, was tested by ALG and documented on Feb 20. ALG has FDA- and EPA-focused laboratories across the United States. A test report by ALG shows that the disinfectant is safe for humans and animals and can kill 99.99 percent of the coronavirus in a minute and more than 99.998 percent in five minutes. However, its effectiveness on the virus in China still needs to be tested. The product also must be approved by authorities in China before it can reach the Chinese market. The company has specialized in medical disposables for more than 30 years and has seven factories in China for making products such as surgical gloves, syringes and needles, gauze and cotton products and dressings. Among the seven facilities in China, one is based in Xiantao, Hubei province, and makes masks and gowns, among other products.
WS5e57e810a31012821727ae1d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e57e810a31012821727ae1d.html	2020-02-28	California city protests plan to house coronavirus patients	A woman wears a face mask at a market in the Chinatown district of San Francisco, California, on Tuesday. [SHANNON STAPLETON/REUTERS] LuAnn Jalet has been closely following developments regarding the novel coronavirus pneumonia, so when federal and state agencies decided to quarantine patients who tested positive for the coronavirus to a state-owned facility in Costa Mesa, California, in Orange County, she had many questions. "Why … is an almost condemned building being refurbished in the second most highly populated county in California?" asked Jalet. The Newport Beach resident was among the dozens of concerned neighbors who flooded a federal courtroom Monday for a contentious hearing regarding the authorities' decision to relocate passengers from the cruise ship Diamond Princess in Japan to Costa Mesa's Fairview Development Center, but like many of her fellow Orange County residents, she felt that the majority of her questions had gone unanswered. "I don't think that the facility … can help anyone, it's never been set up as a medical facility," Jalet said. "It was for people with mental disabilities, but never meant to fight a disease that's quickly becoming a pandemic worldwide." The coronavirus epidemic has infected more than 81,000 people worldwide. As of Wednesday, there were 60 confirmed cases of coronavirus in the US. An official from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced late Wednesday that there's a new novel coronavirus case in Northern California which is not tied to the Diamond Princess. The origin of the latest case remained unknown as of this writing. The new case brought the total number of confirmed cases in California to 16. Orange County officials on Wednesday declared a local emergency in handling the outbreak following a similar announcement from San Francisco Mayor London Breed on Tuesday. California's Santa Clara and San Diego counties also previously declared emergencies. On Monday, a federal judge allowed an extra week for the federal and state agencies to answer local officials' concerns before deciding whether to transport patients to the Costa Mesa facility during a hearing set for March 2 at a federal courthouse in nearby Santa Ana. US District Judge Josephine Staton said the decision was made to give federal and state agencies "more time to have open, transparent communication with local officials", adding that mistakes are made when things are done in a hurry. She said the city does not have veto over federal and state governments' decisions in controlling the epidemic. At the center of the debate is the government's decision to move COVID-19 patients from Travis Air Force Base in Northern California to the Fairview Development Center, which residents have described as a dilapidated structure located on a busy street. According to local officials, they only received notice from federal agencies at 5:20 pm Feb 19 that health authorities would be moving coronavirus patients to Fairview as early as last Sunday. They officials also said they were not included in the planning process. City officials in Costa Mesa filed for and were granted a temporary restriction order by Staton last Friday. The Costa Mesa officials said a lack of information and instruction from the government led to their decision. It was also unclear, even after the Monday hearing, why the Costa Mesa facility had been chosen and what precautions would be taken there to prevent the further spread of the disease, said the city's mayor, Katrina Foley. "We learned about things in a hearing, and as the judge indicated, normally all the facts are gathered before the hearing," Foley said at a news conference after the Monday court hearing. "The judge's job is just to rule on the legal questions, but we were learning information even as we were sitting there, and this is coming from our federal government. We should all be concerned about it." City officials maintained that the Fairview center, which is in a residential area close to public soccer fields and a college, is not an appropriate location for housing patients. "I want to reassure you on behalf of the entire City Council that we will continue to push back against this very bad decision to place people who have tested positive for the coronavirus in the middle of the second most populated county in California," Foley said. The mayor also questioned the government's decision to cancel an earlier plan to move the patients to a FEMA facility in Anniston County, Alabama, after local residents there expressed concerns. "There is no reason why that Costa Mesa and Orange County residents have to be treated differently than (nearby Ontario, California), than Alabama, than Nebraska," she said. "Why are were being treated differently? We deserve better." Legal representatives for the state and federal governments argued in court that they chose Fairview because they wanted to put California patients in a centralized location where they can be monitored and cared for according to CDC protocols. The facility will be used to house only California patients, federal officials said. Some of the patients are elderly and frail, authorities said, so keeping them quarantined in an in-state facility would be a better option than moving them out of state or keeping them quarantined at home. They also said some of the patients who tested positive could not return to Travis because they no longer needed treatment. They are now being cared for in Northern California hospitals, which is putting a strain on health officials in that area. In a response submitted in court Sunday, federal and state defendants attacked Costa Mesa officials for interfering in their handling of a public health crisis. "Fear of COVID-19 does not justify such unprecedented intrusion into federal quarantine decisions by the specialized agencies responsible for this area," read the federal response. The Orange County Health Care Agency on Wednesday issued a statement in support of Costa Mesa. "Protecting the well-being and maintaining the safety of all Orange County residents is our highest priority," said Orange County Board of Supervisors Chairwoman Michelle Steel. "I support Costa Mesa's request to halt the transfer of coronavirus patients by the Department of Health and Human Services and the (CDC) until we have all the information to ensure all the adequate and necessary safeguards and precautions are established," she added.
WS5e584a98a310a2fabb7a2833	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/28/WS5e584a98a310a2fabb7a2833.html	2020-02-28	Global war against novel coronavirus call for all countries to close ranks	On Wednesday, the number of people newly infected with the novel coronavirus outside of China (459) exceeded the number in China (412) for the first time since the outbreak of the virus, and except for Antarctica, the virus has now spread to all continents. As such, although the World Health Organization has not yet declared it to be a global pandemic, the window of opportunity to control the spread of the virus, which has been hard earned by China at great cost, is closing quickly. The improving situation in China shows that quick and decisive measures taken by the authorities to reduce population mobility and concentrate medical resources in the hardest-hit region at an early date can make a big difference. It is obvious that some countries that have watched China's efforts with folded arms are now looking at its taillights and the time it will take them to catch up with it in the race to contain the virus will come at the cost of lives lost and economic losses. True, some affected countries and regions have not seen new cases for days, and China has arguably passed the most difficult part of its "people's war", but that is not yet cause for celebration. The global situation needs to be analyzed as a whole, not viewed on the basis of the statistics for individual countries. But as well as the improving situation in China, there are two other things that offer hope that a devastating global pandemic can be avoided. Namely that the novel coronavirus has not spread to some of the least developed countries and that it appears not to have mutated, which would make the challenge of defeating it even greater. But if a full-scale pandemic is to be prevented, countries must fulfill their obligation to keep the WHO informed of their situations. The world cannot afford countries to drag their feet in revealing their true pictures. And those countries that have done a good job in containing the virus within their borders should take the initiative to extend a helping hand to others. It is essential that all countries appreciate that this is a global public health threat and a common battle. The novel coronavirus is a public health emergency whose scope, duration and effects are still uncertain. As the global coordination mechanism remains underdeveloped, the epidemic should prompt countries to take advantage of bilateral and multilateral mechanisms to foster greater coordination and concerted efforts. China has taken forceful measures to deal with the epidemic, the speed and strength of which have won precious time for the world to close ranks against the virus. And the Chinese practice offers successful experience for those countries now fighting the virus on their soil. Enhanced coordination and concerted efforts are crucial for the health and well-being of all. While continuing to wage war against the outbreak in Hubei province, China will play its part and will do all it can to help others in their battles with the virus.
WS5e57d184a31012821727ae0d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e57d184a31012821727ae0d.html	2020-02-27	Iranian vice president tested positive for coronavirus: media	TEHRAN -- Iran's Vice President for Women and Family Affairs Masoumeh Ebtekar has caught the novel coronavirus, local media reported on Thursday. Fariba Ebtehaj, chief of public relations of the presidential institution, said that Ebtekar has been tested positive for COVID-19 and is staying at home for treatment, according to the Tasnim News Agency. Iran's Ministry of Health and Medical Education said on Thursday that 245 people have been infected with COVID-19 in the country, and among them 26 have died.
WS5e57aed0a31012821727addf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e57aed0a31012821727addf.html	2020-02-27	Global war against novel coronavirus call for all countries to close ranks: China Daily editorial	A pharmacist at "Farmacia Bandi" creates a homemade hand sanitiser, as the pharmacy tries to cope with a growing demand from people trying to avoid contracting coronavirus, in Milan, Italy, February 26, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] On Wednesday, the number of people newly infected with the novel coronavirus outside of China (459) exceeded the number in China (412) for the first time since the outbreak of the virus, and except for Antarctica, the virus has now spread to all continents. As such, although the World Health Organization has not yet declared it to be a global pandemic, the window of opportunity to control the spread of the virus, which has been hard earned by China at great cost, is closing quickly. The improving situation in China shows that quick and decisive measures taken by the authorities to reduce population mobility and concentrate medical resources in the hardest-hit region at an early date can make a big difference. It is obvious that some countries that have watched China's efforts with folded arms are now looking at its taillights and the time it will take them to catch up with it in the race to contain the virus will come at the cost of lives lost and economic losses. True, some affected countries and regions have not seen new cases for days, and China has arguably passed the most difficult part of its "people's war", but that is not yet cause for celebration. The global situation needs to be analyzed as a whole, not viewed on the basis of the statistics for individual countries. But as well as the improving situation in China, there are two other things that offer hope that a devastating global pandemic can be avoided. Namely that the novel coronavirus has not spread to some of the least developed countries and that it appears not to have mutated, which would make the challenge of defeating it even greater. But if a full-scale pandemic is to be prevented, countries must fulfill their obligation to keep the WHO informed of their situations. The world cannot afford countries to drag their feet in revealing their true pictures. And those countries that have done a good job in containing the virus within their borders should take the initiative to extend a helping hand to others. It is essential that all countries appreciate that this is a global public health threat and a common battle. The novel coronavirus is a public health emergency whose scope, duration and effects are still uncertain. As the global coordination mechanism remains underdeveloped, the epidemic should prompt countries to take advantage of bilateral and multilateral mechanisms to foster greater coordination and concerted efforts. China has taken forceful measures to deal with the epidemic, the speed and strength of which have won precious time for the world to close ranks against the virus. And the Chinese practice offers successful experience for those countries now fighting the virus on their soil. Enhanced coordination and concerted efforts are crucial for the health and well-being of all. While continuing to wage war against the outbreak in Hubei province, China will play its part and will do all it can to help others in their battles with the virus.
WS5e579551a31012821727adb6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e579551a31012821727adb6.html	2020-02-27	Coronavirus fight remains challenging	None
WS5e579169a31012821727adaa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e579169a31012821727adaa.html	2020-02-27	Respiratory specialist on China's fight against the novel coronavirus	Professor Kian Fan Chung has told China Daily that China's measures in containing the outbreak of the novel coronavirus are "very impressive". He also stressed the importance of protective garments for preventing infection among medical workers on the front line in China.
WS5e579156a31012821727ada7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e579156a31012821727ada7.html	2020-02-27	Two more cases confirmed with novel coronavirus in the UK	A computer image created by Nexu Science Communication together with Trinity College in Dublin, shows a model structurally representative of a betacoronavirus which is the type of virus linked to COVID-19 shared with Reuters on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Two more patients have tested positive for coronavirus in England, bringing the total number of cases in the UK to 15, the Department of Health said on Thursday. The patients are being treated at NHS infection centers in Liverpool and London. Chris Whitty, chief medical officer, said: "The virus was passed on in Italy and Tenerife and the patients have been transferred to specialist NHS infection centres in Royal Liverpool Hospital and the Royal Free Hospital, London."
WS5e576c8fa31012821727ad02	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e576c8fa31012821727ad02.html	2020-02-27	New California coronavirus case may be first instance of community spread in US: health officials	A computer image created by Nexu Science Communication together with Trinity College in Dublin, shows a model structurally representative of a betacoronavirus which is the type of virus linked to COVID-19 shared with Reuters on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SAN FRANCISCO - The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on Wednesday confirmed a new case of coronavirus in northern California that could be a sign that the virus is spreading in a US community. "The patient's exposure is unknown. It's possible this could be an instance of community spread of COVID-19, which would be the first time this has happened in the United States," the CDC said in a statement. Community spread means spread of an illness for which the source of infection is unknown. The California Department of Public Health identified the patient as a resident of Solano County, about 94 km northeast of San Francisco, who is being treated in Sacramento County. "The individual had no known exposure to the virus through travel or close contact with a known infected individual," said the department. The new instance is the 15th case that was tested positive for the novel coronavirus disease in the United States. Two previously known instances of person-to-person transmission in the country include one in Chicago, Illinois, and the other in San Benito County, California, and both people got infected after "close, prolonged interaction with a family member who returned from Wuhan, China", the hardest-hit city by the epidemic of the virus, according to the department. Data of the US CDC showed there are 60 cases confirmed in the United States, including 45 cases of individuals who evacuated from either Wuhan or the Diamond Princess cruise ship. The CDC has warned the American people to prepare for possible wider spread of the virus in the country. San Francisco on Tuesday declared a state of emergency for the city to heighten preparedness for the virus as more cases of the infections were reported worldwide.
WS5e575cbda31012821727acc1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e575cbda31012821727acc1.html	2020-02-27	Denmark confirms first coronavirus case in man returning from holiday in Italy	A man in a face mask walks in front of "Farmacia Bandi" in Milan, Italy, February 26, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Denmark has confirmed its first coronavirus infection in a man who returned from a ski holiday in northern Italy, the Danish health authority said on Thursday. The man was put in isolation in his own home. Reuters  
WS5e573bffa31012821727ac69	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e573bffa31012821727ac69.html	2020-02-27	ISU short track worlds postponed indefinitely due to novel coronavirus outbreak	Ren Ziwei (L) of China and Park In-wook of South Korea compete during the men's 5000m relay Final A at the 2019-2020 ISU World Cup Short Track in Dordrecht, the Netherlands, Feb 16, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] LAUSANNE -- The International Skating Union (ISU) World Short Track Speed Skating Championships, originally scheduled for March 13 to 15 in Seoul, South Korea, cannot be staged as planned, the ISU announced here on Tuesday. The ISU said in a statement on its website that due to the novel coronavirus developments and the situation in Seoul, it was unable to hold the World Short Track Speed Skating Championships 2020 on the planned date. The event was scheduled to be held at Mokdong Ice Rink, but the ISU was informed through the Korea Skating Union that "the competent authorities of the city of Seoul ordered the closing of the Mokdong Ice Rink and the cancellation of all planned competitions". The ISU also took into account the possibility of postponement or relocation but admitted it would be "difficult to achieve" because of the uncertain worldwide development of the coronavirus, the limited available time slots and logistical challenges. "A postponement and/or relocation of this Championships might be considered if the circumstances would allow so in due time. Before taking a final decision, the ISU will remain in close contact with the Korea Skating Union and ISU Members," the ISU said. The ISU regretted that the last international short track event in 2019/20 season and also the most important one cannot be held as planned, but believed that under the current circumstances, ISU Members, skaters and fans would understand this decision.
WS5e572c9da31012821727ab79	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e572c9da31012821727ab79.html	2020-02-27	Romania confirms first case of novel coronavirus	BUCHAREST - Health Minister Victor Costache confirmed late Wednesday that a 20-year-old Romanian had been tested positive for the novel coronavirus. He had contact Tuesday with a visiting 71-year-old Italian who was infected with the virus after returning home. According to Costache, the young man, who had been asymptomatic, was screened for the virus because of his close contact with the Italian man who visited southern Romania on Feb 18-22. The other seven family members of the young man were uninfected for the time being and are currently in home quarantine in Gorj County, some 300 km northwest of Bucharest, capital of Romania. Local epidemiological investigations are underway and 33 blood samples are waiting for test results, said the minister, adding that "it is in a rural environment, not in a city with a large population, and we can take effective measures." According to a release of the foreign ministry, the Italian citizen had been in southern Romania, visiting the relatives of his Romanian wife. He also had several business meetings before returning home.
WS5e572788a31012821727ab40	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e572788a31012821727ab40.html	2020-02-27	433 new coronavirus cases confirmed on mainland	A doctor informs recovered patients of the dos and don'ts after they are discharged from a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Yuan Zheng/for chinadaily.com.cn] New infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland were reported to be 433 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of infections up to 78,497, the National Health Commission released on Thursday. Of those new infections, 409 were reported in Central China's Hubei, the province most affected by the epidemic. Of the confirmed cases added in the province, 383 were found in its capital Wuhan, said the commission. As of Wednesday midnight, the commission reported 29 new deaths, increasing the death toll to 2,744, according to the commission. Another 508 new suspected cases were reported, said the commission. On the same day, a total of 2,750 people had been discharged from the hospital after recovery. The commission added that patients in severe condition had been reduced by 406 in the past 24 hours. It also revealed that 652,174 close contacts had been traced, adding that among them, 12,823 were discharged from medical observation. Meanwhile, another 71,572 close contacts are still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 133 confirmed cases, with two deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, according to the commission. In Hubei, the center of the outbreak, the total confirmed cases climbed to 65,596 by Wednesday midnight. The province also reported 26 new fatalities in the past 24 hours, resulting in a total death toll of 2,641, with most in Wuhan. The commission also reported 2,288 new recovery cases in the province on the same day. And a total of 23,200 patients have been released from the hospital after recovery.
WS5e572031a31012821727aaf3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e572031a31012821727aaf3.html	2020-02-27	Algeria confirms first case of novel coronavirus	Photo/China Daily The North African country of Algeria has reported its first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus, making it the second African country to report a confirmed case of the disease after Egypt. Making the announcement through Twitter on Wednesday, Algerian President Abdelmadjid Tebboune revealed an Italian man has been put into isolation. "The government and all health authorities in the country have been enjoined and we recommend utmost care and caution after registering a case of a foreign parish infected with the coronavirus," Tebboune tweeted. "The person is placed under complete quarantine. I invite you to engage in a major awareness campaign through all means of communication to protect public health." Speaking on state television on Tuesday, Minister of Health Abderrahmane Benbouzid said an Italian national who arrived on Feb 17 tested positive for the virus. Italy is the worst-hit European nation. It has seen almost a dozen people die and hundreds of confirmed cases as coronavirus continues to spread in the country's northern region. Matshidiso Moeti, the World Health Organization regional director for Africa, said Algeria is one of the countries the WHO has identified as a top priority for preparedness measures. "Algeria has just announced the first case of COVID-19 in the WHO African region. The window of opportunity the continent has had to prepare for coronavirus disease is closing. All countries must ramp up their preparedness activities," Moeti tweeted on Wednesday.
WS5e56ae03a31012821727a947	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e56ae03a31012821727a947.html	2020-02-27	US stock markets drop for a 4th day on coronavirus fears	Specialist Meric Greenbaum works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. Stocks slumped and bond prices soared for the second day in a row as fears spread that the widening coronavirus outbreak will put the brakes on the global economy. RICHARD DREW / AP Continued concern about worldwide economic disruption due to the expanding coronavirus outbreak sent US stocks plunging Tuesday. It was the fourth losing day for the Dow Jones Industrial Average and followed Monday's rout, when the blue-chip index lost more than 1,000 points. On Tuesday, the DJIA fell 879.44 points, or 3.15 percent, and closed at 27,081.36. The S&P 500 fell 3.03 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite index lost 2.77 percent. The price of Brent crude, the worldwide benchmark for oil, slid Tuesday to $54.71 a barrel, down $1.50 or 2.67 percent. The yield on 10-year US Treasury notes fell. In the US, Dr Nancy Messonnier, director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said it's inevitable that the coronavirus will spread to communities throughout the country. "It's not so much a question of if this will happen in this country and more but a question of when this will happen," she said. "We are asking the American public to prepare for the expectation that this might be bad." The belief that health officials in China and throughout the world would be able to contain the coronavirus, also called COVID-19, and therefore any economic disruption would be minor and short term, sent stocks to record highs last week. But the market drop worsened Tuesday following reports that the coronavirus continues to spread. Countries including South Korea, Switzerland, Italy and Austria reported new infections. The number of infections remains low, and the World Health Organization said it's too soon to call the outbreak a pandemic. "The coronavirus situation becomes a catalyst for various government agencies and firms to speed up their investments and expansion of technological capacity to move work and production online," Haoxiang Zhu, an associate professor of finance at the MIT Sloan School of Management, told China Daily. "The expedited adoption of technology now will improve the speed and quality of economic growth in the long run." In the short term, he said the coronavirus will hit China hardest. "Small businesses in China suffer the most, and many may not survive without help from the government or banks with tax and financial accommodations," Zhu said. "Some lost ground in production, and consumption will be recovered once the movement of labor and merchandise return to normal, but it's likely to take a while."
WS5e56ad5ca31012821727a941	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e56ad5ca31012821727a941.html	2020-02-27	Rapidly developed coronavirus vaccine set for testing	A rapidly developed coronavirus vaccine will be tested on healthy volunteers in the US in April, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) said Tuesday. The vaccine, by drugmaker Moderna and NIAID, will be tested on 20 to 25 humans to determine whether two doses will be safe and generate an immune response to protect against infection, with results available in July or August, NIAID's Dr Anthony Fauci told The Wall Street Journal. NIAID is part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), an agency of the US Department of Health and Human Services. The Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), an international funding body, is also backing the effort. Also on Tuesday, NIH announced that the first clinical trial testing of Gilead Sciences' antiviral drug remdesivir in a hospitalized patient with the coronavirus has started, according to Reuters. The participant is an American who was repatriated after being quarantined in Japan aboard the cruise ship Diamond Princess and is being conducted at the University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha, NIH said. The World Health Organization (WHO) said Monday that remdesivir is showing signs of helping to treat the coronavirus. A successful trial of Moderna's vaccine — mRNA-1273 — would be followed by further studies and regulatory hurdles, Fauci said, meaning a coronavirus vaccine would not be ready for widespread distribution until at least next year. Moderna said the vaccine was developed after obtaining genetic information on the coronavirus from China. Referring to the speed of the drug's development and expected clinical trial, Fauci said it is "unquestionably the world indoor record. Nothing has ever gone that fast." However, it's uncertain whether the drug will work, considering that the gene-based technology it uses hasn't yet resulted in an approved human vaccine. Even if it isn't ready for widespread distribution until next year, Fauci told the newspaper that it's possible the spread of the coronavirus could lessen during warmer months but return next winter and become a seasonal virus like the flu. "The only way you can completely suppress an emerging infectious disease is with a vaccine," he said. "If you want to really get it quickly, you're using technologies that are not as time-honored as the standard — what I call antiquated — way of doing it." Moderna was founded in 2010 to develop drugs and vaccines. In 2018 it opened a manufacturing site in Norwood, Massachusetts, near the company's Cambridge headquarters. The company is targeting cancer, heart disease and infectious diseases. It hasn't brought any drugs or vaccines to market. The first trial will be conducted at NIAID's clinical trials unit in Bethesda, Maryland, where the agency is based. If the first one is successful, a second trial of hundreds or thousands of participants could begin, which could take six to eight months, he said. That trial could be conducted partly in the US but also in other regions where the virus is spreading, so the testing could gauge whether the vaccine reduces infection rates. If the second trial is positive, the vaccine could be ready for widespread use, Fauci said. How widely the virus has spread by then will determine whether it is given to targeted groups, such as healthcare workers, or more broadly to the general population, he said. Health officials and pharmaceutical companies around the world are racing to identify treatments or a vaccine to help fight the coronavirus, which has infected more than 80,000 people around the world. Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline and Gilead are among the drugmakers working on vaccines, as are government scientists, including some at NIAID.
WS5e569c86a31012821727a92f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e569c86a31012821727a92f.html	2020-02-27	Brazil Health Ministry confirms first coronavirus case in Latin America	Brazil's government has confirmed its first case of coronavirus on Wednesday after a 61-year-old Brazilian man who had been traveling in Italy this month became infected. “We will now see how this virus behaves in a tropical country in the middle of summer, how its behavior pattern will be,” Brazil's Health Minister Luiz Henrique Mandetta said in a press conference.
WS5e571f43a310a2fabb7a27f4	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/27/WS5e571f43a310a2fabb7a27f4.html	2020-02-27	United effort to battle coronavirus epidemic	Instead of New Year greetings, a phone call Li Gaoxia received on the first day of the first lunar month of 2020 was about a patent for an antiviral compound. Li, head of Chengdu-based Gaoyung Intellectual Property Agency, immediately launched a patent search after she hung up to prepare advice. The inquirer was a medical researcher who works at a hospital, China Intellectual Property News reported. "There has been a surge in the number of inquiries related to the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak," Li told the Beijing-based newspaper. "Calls are coming in almost every day." She is among the IP experts specializing in the pharmaceutical industry assembled by the IP service promotion center of Sichuan province. They offer patent analytics services for free to small and medium-sized enterprises combating the epidemic. IP practitioners, agencies and regulators across China are taking swift action as the entire nation rallies in the fight against the disease. An online patent database designed for the outbreak was launched on Feb 7 by the China Patent Information Center and the Patent Examination Cooperation (Beijing) Center of the Patent Office of the National Intellectual Property Administration. The database contains both Chinese and international patent documents, which have been selected by nearly 60 patent examiners and sorted by their relevance and significance. They are divided into nine categories including treatment, prevention, detection, medical equipment, protective gear, disinfection, waste treatment, and big data and artificial intelligence applications. The database received more than 10,000 visits in the first 12 hours of launching, according to China Intellectual Property News. Quite a few research institutes and universities, such as Tongji University in Shanghai, have provided user feedback over the phone and sought further collaboration in patent information with the database. Jiangsu and Shaanxi provinces, among other regions, launched their online patent search tool on Feb 11. According to the World Intellectual Property Organization, patent information "is the largest, well-classified and most up-to-date collection of technical documents on new and innovative technologies". "Patent information is a treasure trove for researchers who are racing to find a cure," Xu Jian, director of the China Patent Information Center, was quoted as saying by China Intellectual Property News. By consulting patent literature, he noted, research institutes and tech companies will be able to assess the state of the art, determine the best course of treatment, reduce research and development costs and avoid infringing any patents. The most valuable technology intelligence is stored in patent literature, an official at Questel China told China Intellectual Property News. Paris-headquartered IP solutions provider Questel has released a report containing patent data surrounding the novel coronavirus and possible treatments "in the hope that it will help speed up the drug-screening process". "The important progress being made in the field of biopharmaceuticals worldwide, including drugs currently undergoing clinical trials, is found in patent documents," the official said. Wang Yali, director of the Jiangsu Patent Information Service Center, told China Intellectual Property News that in addition to creating a patent search tool, the center will send relevant patent information to local drug producers and gene companies, and help them partner up with key research teams. The center is doing this to help the companies "raise efficiency, avoid investing R&D resources in developing something that already exists and promote international cooperation", Wang said. Some patent information service providers are also offering medical workers the passwords to their patent collections free of charge to help with their research, China Intellec- huyuyan@chinadaily.com.cn   A child experiences the technological features in an intelligent connected vehicle displayed at an auto show in Hainan province on Jan 11. LUO YUNFEI/CHINA NEWS SERVICE        
WS5e5667eca31012821727a917	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e5667eca31012821727a917.html	2020-02-26	Two top Jingmen officials reprimanded for novel coronavirus miscount	Fan Zhongjie (right), a respiratory physician at Wuhan Red Cross Hospital, puts on a protective suit, along with his colleague before entering the isolation ward area of the hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 24, 2020. [Photo by Chen Zhuo/For chinadaily.com.cn] Two top officials in Hubei province's Jingmen have been reprimanded for miscalculations of the city's confirmed cases of novel coronavirus, according to the provincial disciplinary watchdogs. According to a statement published on the website of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China and the National Supervisory Commission on Wednesday, Zhang Aiguo, Jingmen's Party chief, and the city's mayor, Sun Bing, have been summoned by the provincial disciplinary watchdogs who told them to be more careful about their work. This was because of miscalculations made by the city's health department on Feb 19, the watchdogs said, explaining those errors showed some government workers' poor knowledge about policies and dereliction of duty. Besides the two city leaders, Liang Zaoyang, vice-mayor and Li Zhizhen, head of Jingmen's health commission, as well as Li Aie, the commission's deputy head, also have been given internal warnings and administrative punishment, according to the watchdogs. The statement called for enhanced supervision by disciplinary inspection agencies on Hubei's counter-epidemic endeavors to support the fight against the contagion.
WS5e566457a31012821727a90d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e566457a31012821727a90d.html	2020-02-26	Earliest reported novel coronavirus patient denied having been to Huanan Seafood Market	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The earliest reported and registered novel coronavirus pneumonia patient in Wuhan, the capital city of Central China's Hubei province, denied having been to the Huanan Seafood Market, Beijing Youth Daily reported on Wednesday. The news report cited Wuhan's epidemic prevention and control headquarters, which gave the information via the official social media account of Wuhan government, "Wuhan Fabu", on news aggregator Toutiao when answering a question raised by the newspaper via its Toutiao account "Bendi Haowai". The patient, surnamed Chen, who lives in the city's Wuchang district, was diagnosed on Dec 8, 2019, and was cured and discharged from the hospital later, according to the headquarters.
WS5e566193a31012821727a90a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e566193a31012821727a90a.html	2020-02-26	Infant born to novel coronavirus infected woman discharged from hospital	Medical staff go over specific plans treat the infant baby girl born to a COVID-19 infected woman in Chongqing. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The baby girl born to a COVID-19 infected woman in Chongqing was discharged from the hospital on Wednesday after testing negative for the virus four consecutive times. Named An'an, meaning safety in Chinese, the baby girl was born on Feb 11 via cesarean section at Chongqing Three Gorges Central Hospital affiliated with Chongqing University. Her first nucleic acid test conducted two hours after she was born showed a negative result. Medical experts evaluated her situation and concluded that she reached the criteria to be discharged from the hospital after four tests conducted on her were all negative. She was taken home by her grandparents. The baby girl's parents were confirmed with COVID-19 and quarantined for medical treatment before she was born. Currently, her mother, 25, has been transferred to the ward for mild patients from the critical emergency ward. Her father has tested negative for the novel coronavirus two consecutive times. Considering the infection's impact on the woman, a group of medical experts from different hospital departments, including gynecology and obstetrics, neonatology, anesthesia and infectious diseases, conducted a consultation on her condition and made specific plans for her and her baby's treatment and care. "We did a lot of preparation to minimize the risk of cross-infection," said Xiang Shaojian, the chief surgeon performing the woman's cesarean section.
WS5e564318a31012821727a8e0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e564318a31012821727a8e0.html	2020-02-26	France reports second coronavirus death - health official	PARIS - A second person infected with the novel coronavirus has died in France, the country's health authorities said on Wednesday. In a televised statement, senior health director Jerome Salomon said a 60-year-old French man in a very serious condition was tested at Paris' Pitie-Salpêtrière hospital late on Tuesday. "Unfortunately (he) died during the night", Salomon said. The deceased was one of three new cases in France, bringing the total confirmed coronavirus infections in France to 17. Reuters
WS5e563b27a31012821727a8c8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e563b27a31012821727a8c8.html	2020-02-26	World leaders support China's fight against coronavirus outbreak	None
WS5e563aeca31012821727a8c7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e563aeca31012821727a8c7.html	2020-02-26	Myths busted: Facts and fiction about the novel coronavirus	None
WS5e562daea31012821727a887	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e562daea31012821727a887.html	2020-02-26	Online consumption picks up as coronavirus epidemic levels off	A deliveryman (right) hands a package to its receiver at the gate of a community in Xi'an.[Photo/Xinhua] CHONGQING - Online orders for non-epidemic prevention products have been on the rise in China as novel coronavirus epidemic levels off. "I just bought three clothes online, and three of my parcels are out for delivery," said 25-year-old Zhang Yusi. "My budget for new clothes this spring is around 1,500 yuan ($214), nearly twice as high as usual." Popular items around this year's Spring Festival holiday have been masks, sanitizers, instant noodles and other recreational products that are suitable for killing time at home as many were hit off guard by the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in late December. As factories, stores and courier services are gradually resuming production and work, turnover on major e-commerce platforms has been rising, with more money returned to all-time bestsellers -- namely snacks, cosmetics and clothes. "I snapped up masks and disinfectants online during the holiday, with the money I usually spent on snacks and cosmetics," said Shi Jinzhu, who lives in Dazu district, Southwest China's Chongqing municipality. Dazu has not seen new reports of confirmed COVID-19 cases for 14 consecutive days as of Jan 24 and Shi believes it is time to get prepared for a prospective normal life. "I recently purchased a box of eyeshadow. It's been over a month since I put on makeup," said Shi. Li Yating, a new mom, used to spend over 2,000 yuan online every month. "I haven't bought anything for over a month and there are a bunch of items on my shopping list," said Li, adding that she had already bought quite a few baby snacks and two pairs of sneakers for her husband and herself. Zhou Jie, Li's husband, invested in several PS4 games he has been longing for. "Each game costs about 100 to 200 yuan, which I begrudged spending money on. Now, they are my reward for having not spent any money recently," he said. A report released by Alibaba's Tmall shopping platform showed that the hot sellers on its website have shifted from pajamas, instant noodles and dance pads before work resumption to items such as lipstick, trench coats and perfumes. Meanwhile, women's clothing, small kitchen appliances and electronic products began to replace grain, oil, rice and flour as hot daily commodities, the report showed. Li Jing, head of the Institute of Economics of Chongqing Technology and Business University, said that the pent-up consumption desire would be released as the epidemic is leveling off, and the rebound effect of consumption will compensate for the economic losses caused by the epidemic to a certain extent. Li said past experiences have shown that compensatory consumption will also appear in offline consumption after the outbreak, especially in the service sectors such as tourism, catering and entertainment. "In general, the overall impact of the outbreak on our economy is periodic and temporary," said Li. The latest figures showed that the Chinese mainland's daily new confirmed cases of COVID-19 outside Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, dropped to 5 on Tuesday. And the number of newly cured and discharged novel coronavirus patients has surpassed that of new infections for the eighth consecutive day.
WS5e55c759a31012821727a581	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55c759a31012821727a581.html	2020-02-26	S.Korea reports 115 more coronavirus cases, brings total to 1,261	South Korean President Moon Jae-in salutes during a special government meeting to discuss measures to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus at the Daegu City Hall in Daegu, South Korea, on Tuesday. Yonhap via REUTERS SEOUL - South Korea reported another 115 coronavirus cases on Wednesday afternoon, bringing its total tally to 1,261, according to Korea’s Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. KCDC reported another 169 new coronavirus cases on Wednesday morning, including a US soldier. The health authorities readied an ambitious plan to test more than 200,000 members of a church hit hardest by the country's outbreak. The numbers are expected to rise as the government widens its testing. The US military reported its first case of the coronavirus on Wednesday, a 23-year-old soldier based in Camp Carroll, about 20 km (12.4 miles) from Daegu. The camp is also near a disability centre that has had its own outbreak of the virus. A twelfth death from the virus was reported on Wednesday, according to the Joongang Ilbo newspaper. Around 80 percent of the country's cases are linked to the Daegu church, and to a hospital in nearby Cheongdo County, which some members are believed to have visited. The church said it had agreed to provide the government with contact details for all of its members and people in trainee programmes. "We have obtained a list of 212,000 number of the Shincheonji believers from the church last night," vice health minister Kim Gang-lip said at a briefing on Wednesday. "We will pass the list to local governments," he said. "Local governments will check whether the believers have respiratory or fever related symptoms and visit their homes to test them." Reuters
WS5e562a27a31012821727a87c	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e562a27a31012821727a87c.html	2020-02-26	Coronavirus outbreak prompts China’s cultural industry to rethink how it does business	The Palace Museum [Photo/Chinanews.com] China's cultural industry is being forced to rethink its development model in the wake of the temporary impact being brought by the sudden novel coronavirus outbreak. The Chinese Lunar New Year holiday is traditionally a big money-making period for movies, but box office takings saw a huge drop after several films scheduled for release over the holiday cancelled their big screen openings, while films currently under production have all been halted. China also cancelled or postponed 20,000 performances from January to March, according to the China Association of Performing Arts. In addition, the country has closed its libraries, museums, art galleries and other public cultural institutions. This temporary market shock reflects the weaknesses in the traditional way business is done in the cultural industry, by relying too much on offline activities. Faced with the difficulty, China's cultural industry needs to join forces with the Internet and come up with new models of development. Some have been quick to embrace the Internet, such as the film "Lost in Russia". Its producers decided to screen the movie online, creating a new distribution channel for the Chinese film industry. Meanwhile, the National Centre for the Performing Arts of China has rolled out online programs offering art programs to the public free of charge. Chinese museums, including the Palace Museum, have also introduced a series of online exhibitions, giving people the chance to enjoy a cultural feast from their own homes. On Feb 16, the National Ballet of China launched an online ballet class, teaching some basic moves that people can practice at home. In addition, the Guangzhou Opera House in south China's Guangdong province rolled out online art lectures given by celebrities including singers, composers and writers for its members. In the future, China's cultural industry is looking to give equal emphasis to both online and offline commercial activities to mitigate potential risks like the coronavirus outbreak.
WS5e56198fa31012821727a805	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e56198fa31012821727a805.html	2020-02-26	In coronavirus fight, the world learns from China	A recovering pneumonia patient gives a thumbs-up to medical workers at Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital. [GAO XIANG/FOR CHINA DAILY] Jingzhou is an ancient city in the center of Hubei province, just over an hour's drive from Wuhan on the new superhighway. During the historic Three Kingdoms period (220-280 CE), when a trio of nations vied for ultimate control over China, Jingzhou found itself surrounded by warring armies because of its strategic importance. I have visited Jingzhou many times, stood on the ancient ramparts cresting thick stone walls, and thought on a historic legend. The story goes that Zhuge Liang, master strategist of the Shu Kingdom, had his army surround Jingzhou. But as he did not have the resources to scale the walls, it was a stalemate. Meanwhile, a greater force from rival Cao Cao's army was on the attack, threatening both the Jingzhou and Shu kingdoms. So what did Zhuge do? He made a deal with Jingzhou. He wrote an IOU on a piece of paper offering to borrow the city for a season, with the promise to return it after the enemy was defeated by the joint Shu and Jingzhou forces. After the city agreed to the deal, Zhuge's army entered Jingzhou, and with the army of that city-state repelled a common foe. Sound familiar? Wuhan is of key strategic importance to China. This city of 15 million is smack in the center of the nation, and like Jingzhou once upon a time, is today a major center for supply lines and networks of transport spanning the nation, and in some ways beyond via the Belt and Road. Moreover, today Wuhan is a center of scientific and technology research and development, making it even more strategically important than its historic predecessor. After months of self-quarantine for its citizens and a lockdown of all movement of transport, Wuhan as a valve of connectivity across China has been shut down. The city of Wuhan and its residents have made unprecedented sacrifices, not only for the people of China but the world as well. Effectively, China has "borrowed" Wuhan to save the world. Hua Yuchen, a music teacher in Wuhan, becomes one of the city's volunteers making contributions on the front line of the fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic. [Photo/provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Assigned from the World Health Organization to the United Nations Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs to lead the working group for a coronavirus emergency response, Bruce Aylward reflected on his recent inspection of the city. "When speaking with people who we were working with in Wuhan, they said this is our role. We have to stop this disease and we are playing our role. Wuhan, the world is in your debt, and hopefully when this disease is finished we will have a chance to thank the people of Wuhan for the role they played in stopping it." China has used unprecedented controls over movement and activity, in the city of Wuhan and across the nation to control the coronavirus and stop its spread. While some Western countries criticized China and its methods, it nevertheless used a Chinese solution to fight the epidemic. Now as the corona virus falls under control in China, it is spreading to other countries that are now not bashing China, but trying to study its example. Aylward explained the world community is not ready, nor does it have the tools to contain coronavirus. He said he suffered from the "same bias" as many outsiders until inspecting Wuhan. He explained in most countries people would seek new pharmaceuticals to fight a new pandemic, "and if they don't have them they throw up their hands. Rather, China said let's solve this problem, and pulled out old tools." These included traditional Chinese medicine, and the economic management methodology of macro-economic control systems. That means every level of management, from top to bottom, implements a policy decision and makes sure it is carried out without error. As this incredibly dangerous pandemic spreads globally, Aylward emphasized how the "extraordinary effort" demonstrated through the example of China's response and methodology should be "shared with the rest of the world" and that "the rest of the world needs to know something can be done to save lives and prevent cases in what is a very difficult disease." The United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres expressed his own deep thanks to the Chinese people, who "put aside their own happiness and gave sacrifice to give a contribution to all humanity." Wuhan's sacrifices can never be paid back to the individuals suffering this loss. However, the city will be rebuilt with unprecedented investments into the infrastructure and healthcare systems needed for the growth of this vital hub of China and the world. Wuhan will be rebuilt, and will play an even more important role as the central hub of China's infrastructure connectivity. Imagine the hospital and health care systems that will be part of the network of connectivity that will be the future Belt and Road system, as China seeks to not only address infrastructure and connectivity for trade and investment but the more pressing priorities of environmental, water and health security for all. So it could be said that Zhuge Liang's idea of borrowing a city for a season to beat a common problem works, even today. Laurence Brahm is a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization, founding director of the Himalayan Consensus and co-chair of the Silk-Spice Road Dialogues. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e55f7d9a31012821727a79c	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55f7d9a31012821727a79c.html	2020-02-26	Coronavirus outbreak will hit US: CDC	A man with a face mask rides the subway in New York City, US February 2, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] A coronavirus outbreak in the United States appears inevitable, and the only question is when and how many people will experience severe illnesses, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Tuesday. Dr Nancy Messonnier, director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, said public health officials have no idea whether the spread of the disease to the US would be mild or severe but that Americans should be ready for a significant disruption to their daily lives. "We are asking the American public to prepare for the expectation that this might be bad," she said. "It's not so much of a question of if this will happen in this country anymore but a question of when this will happen."  In reaction, San Francisco Mayor London Breed declared a state of emergency Tuesday over coronavirus concerns, although the city has seen no confirmed cases. "The global picture is changing rapidly, and we need to step-up preparedness," Breed said in a statement. Messonnier said reports of the virus spreading in countries like South Korea and Italy have made it increasingly unlikely that the US will avoid an outbreak.  "Disruption to everyday life may be severe," she warned at a news conference.  Messonnier said people must start thinking about the possibility of working from home. "For adults, businesses can replace in-person meetings with video or telephone conferences and increase teleworking options," she added. Messonnier said schools should consider plans to divide students into smaller groups, or use "internet-based teleschooling", and parents should contact their schools to ask about plans for dismissal or even alternative childcare should the virus affect their communities. Her warning came as the CDC said the number of novel coronavirus cases in the US jumped to 57. That includes 14 who either traveled to China or were close relatives of travelers; three Americans repatriated from Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak in China; and 40 passengers returned home from the cruise ship Diamond Princess, which was quarantined in Japan. Director of the Center for the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD) doctor Nancy Messonnier speaks about the public health response to the outbreak of the coronavirus in Washington, US, in this Jan 28, 2020 file photo. [Photo/Agencies] In Washington on Tuesday, US Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said during a hearing on the agency's budget request that there is no evidence the virus has spread in the US beyond patients infected overseas and a few close relatives.  "We cannot hermetically seal off the United States to a virus, and we need to be realistic about that," he said. "We'll have more cases in the United States, and we've been very transparent about that." If it happens, "we'll work to mitigate those". On Tuesday, during a trip to India, US President Donald Trump predicted that the coronavirus is "going to go away", expressing confidence that the epidemic will not seriously harm the global economy. At the HHS budget hearing, Republican Senator Richard Shelby said he is concerned that the Trump administration is "lowballing" its request for emergency coronavirus funding and that he will recommend a higher number.  Shelby, chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, told Azar, "It seems to me at the outset that this request for the money, the supplemental, is lowballing it, possibly, and you can't afford to do that. If you lowball something like this, you'll pay for it later." Shelby told reporters afterward he doesn't have a new number in mind but that it will be higher than the $2.5 billion requested by HHS.  Azar said the administration would work with Congress if lawmakers believe more money is needed.  The administration's request includes $1.25 billion in new funding, with the rest to be taken from existing health programs, including $535 million from fighting the Ebola virus.  The White House budget office said the funding would be used for vaccine development, treatment and protective equipment, but Democrats immediately criticized the request as insufficient. Republican Senator Mitt Romney told Trump administration officials Tuesday that they are not adequately prepared for the possibility that the coronavirus may spread more widely in the US.  Romney, a member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, told administration officials at a private briefing on Capitol Hill that he does not believe that the administration has done enough to prepare for the virus spreading.  "I'm very disappointed in the degree to which we've prepared for a pandemic, both in terms of protective equipment and in terms of medical devices that would help people once they are infected," he said.  Azar said the government currently has stockpiled 30 million special N95 respirator masks, but 300 million masks would be needed to protect healthcare workers in the event of an outbreak. The World Health Organization on Monday determined that the term pandemic "did not fit the facts", but experts including Messonnier said it soon could. She said the coronavirus already has caused sickness and death and it has sustained person-to-person transmission. That's two of the three factors for a pandemic, she said.
WS5e55d902a31012821727a6ce	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55d902a31012821727a6ce.html	2020-02-26	406 new coronavirus cases, 52 deaths reported on mainland	People wear masks at Dalian International Airport in Dalian, Northeast China's Liaoning province on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Sipa] A total of 406 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infections and 52 deaths were reported on Tuesday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 78,064 and 2,715 respectively, the National Health Commission said Wednesday morning. With the majority of the new confirmed cases coming from Hubei province, where the epidemic is the most severe, the rest of the country has seen the daily new infections remain in a downward trend and drop to five on Tuesday, according to the commission. All the deaths were in Hubei province, it said, adding that another 439 new suspected cases were reported Tuesday, with a total of 2,491 people still suspected of being infected with the virus. Also on Tuesday, 2,422 people were discharged from the hospital after recovery, while the number of severe cases decreased by 374 to 8,752. A total of 29,745 people had been discharged from the hospital after recovery as of Tuesday midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 647,406 people with close contact with patients, adding that among them, 14,573 were discharged from medical observation Tuesday, with 79,108 others still under medical observation. By the end of Tuesday, 85 confirmed cases including two deaths had been reported in Hong Kong, 10 confirmed cases in Macao, and 31 in Taiwan including one death. And 18 patients in Hong Kong, seven in Macao and five in Taiwan had been discharged from the hospital after recovery. Hubei province, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, reported 401 new confirmed cases of viral infections and 52 new deaths on Tuesday. And the latest report brought the number of total confirmed cases in the hard-hit province to 65,187 and total deaths to 2,615. Wuhan, the provincial capital, reported 370 new confirmed cases and 42 new deaths on Tuesday. In total, the city has registered 47,441 confirmed cases and 2,085 deaths. The province also saw 2,058 patients discharged from the hospital after recovery on Tuesday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 20,912, it said, adding that Hubei had 2,067 suspected cases as of Tuesday midnight.
WS5e55d4c2a31012821727a67c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55d4c2a31012821727a67c.html	2020-02-26	Novel heroes: Blue Sky rescuers take on coronavirus at the frontline	A group of Chinese Blue Sky rescuers formed of members from different parts of the country is fighting the virus and saving the epidemic-affected. Some of them have not told their families about their work while others believe their families will be proud of them. They said they are trained to save others and it is the very time for them to face the enemy head-on.
WS5e547432a31012821727a036	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e547432a31012821727a036.html	2020-02-26	EU ramps up funding to contain coronavirus	A police officer with a metal detector screens a Carnival reveler in Venice on Sunday. Italian authorities have since shut down the city's famed Carnival to stop the spread of the novel coronavirus, as the number of infected people in the country rose sharply over the weekend. LUIGI COSTANTINI/THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The European Union is spending 232 million euros ($251.4 million) on efforts to stop the spread of novel coronavirus pneumonia, while measures elsewhere in the world also aim to limit the impact of the outbreak, which showed signs of stabilizing at its Chinese epicenter. The announcement of the funding on Monday morning by the European Commission followed a difficult weekend in Europe, during which authorities restricted travel in some areas due to the outbreak. The EC also said it was working around-the-clock to support EU member states in their fight against the outbreak. Ursula von der Leyen, president of the EC, said the money will boost global preparedness, prevention and containment of the virus. Meanwhile, Italian authorities reported on Tuesday that a woman had tested positive for the novel coronavirus in Sicily, the first case south of Rome, as the country struggles to prevent the outbreak from spreading from its origin in the northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto. Sicily's regional governor, Nello Musumeci, said a tourist from Bergamo, in Lombardy, had been hospitalized in the island's capital, Palermo, after being diagnosed with the illness, and all those traveling with her had been quarantined, according to Reuters. The number of cases in Italy, the country in Europe worst affected, rose to more than 280, with 40 new cases reported in Lombardy and nine new ones in Veneto. The number of deaths was unchanged at seven, Reuters reported. The Italian government has locked down several small towns in Lombardy and Veneto amid the outbreak. Austria reported its first two novel coronavirus cases on Tuesday as the outbreak apparently spread from neighboring Italy, according to Reuters. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the director-general of the World Health Organization, said on Monday that the window of opportunity to contain the virus was "narrowing". Afghanistan, Bahrain, Iraq and Kuwait all reported their first novel coronavirus cases on Monday. All said the virus appears to have entered their populations via someone with links to Iran, which has become a virus hot spot. South Korea reported more than 975 cases as of Tuesday, which is the largest number of confirmed cases outside China. Eleven people died from the disease there. On Tuesday, Iran's Ministry of Health and Medical Education announced that the COVID-19 outbreak in the country had infected 95 people, and 19 of them died over the past week, making it the nation with the most fatalities outside China. Iraj Harirchi, Iran's deputy minister of health and medical education, is among those infected, an adviser for the ministry said on Tuesday. Alireza Vahabzadeh tweeted that the deputy minister was "confirmed as positive for coronavirus infection." He said Harirchi "was at the forefront of fighting against the virus over the past days." Xinhua, AP, Reuters and other agencies contributed to this story.
WS5e55c568a31012821727a551	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55c568a31012821727a551.html	2020-02-26	Concerned about coronavirus, US teacher sends love, support to Chinese students online	Though not at all spatial, the loft Kelsey Covington uses as the classroom to teach her Chinese students online English courses has been decorated with lovely dinosaur puppets and other props, just to let the students on the other side of the webcam feel a sense of joyfulness. Before joining VIP Kid, a Chinese-owned online education platform, in 2018, Covington, who lives in Chesapeake, Virginia, had been a brick-and-mortar school teacher for six and a half years, teaching kindergartners through third graders. As a loving mother of a toddler, Covington always tries her best to cheer her students up in class. Recently, she has been doubling down on that effort since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China, about which she said her online students, mostly kindergartners and primary school kids, felt really frustrated. "When I am in the classroom, they are my babies," Covington said. "These are ones that I am so connected to, that regardless of politics and other things that are happening, I think of anything I can do to help my kids." Covington said she learned about the coronavirus outbreak from news reports, but it was through discussions with her fellow teachers that she came to understand the severity of the situation in China. "It's definitely been something that I've been keeping a very close eye on, since I know what's going on with these kids day in and day out," she said. One of Covington's students is a nine-year-old girl from Wuhan, capital of the central Chinese province of Hubei and the epicenter of the epidemic. The girl was frustrated because the coronavirus has confined her within her home for weeks, and she cannot meet her friends, Covington said, adding that she paid special attention to this student and put additional energy during class in order to lessen her worries. "I've only seen her a couple of times since the outbreak started, but I always make sure to check in with her," Covington said. "Especially, I really make sure to focus on and put as much energy into (her class) as I can, just to take her mind off everything that's going on just for that short period of time, just to get a little smile out of her." Covington said that the Wuhan girl is one of the students during whose class she would purposely wear exaggerated facial expressions while reading words. "She just thinks it's so funny. So I'll focus on that and doing something that's really going to cheer her up," Covington said. What Covington feels good about is that the Wuhan girl and other students were not depressed at all. "I think for the most part, I've seen that my kids still have high spirits, and they're still excited (when seeing me from the camera)," Covington said, hoping what she did in class would make a difference to the situation the children are in. During the interview, Covington chose to wear a T-shirt with a world map on it, and on the map of China there is a big red heart. "I figured it was appropriate for today," she said, adding that her friend who designed the shirt recently designed another one to encourage the Chinese people fighting the coronavirus, one that has the words "Stay strong, China" on it. Asked why she chooses to teach Chinese kids, Covington, who is a frequent traveler especially to Europe, said, "there are children all over the world, but it's one of those things that our culture and the Chinese culture can be so different sometimes." Covington has seen a surge in the number of course requests since the start of the coronavirus outbreak, and she usually has to teach overnight due to the time difference between China and the US. "I wish I could teach more, but with a toddler it's a little bit tricky," Covington said, adding that extra classes provide "a better opportunity to meet more students." She said the coronavirus that "kind of ramped things up a bit" won't make her feel tired, because "it's just one of those things with teaching that there are certain times that you're going to put in a little bit more time and a little bit more effort." On the wall to the right-hand side of Covington's teaching desk hangs a board, on which the words "Everyone smiles in the same language" is written in calligraphic style. "I love this ... It is just something that I think about, especially with some of my younger students," Covington said. Despite the language barrier, "we were still able to laugh and have fun, and we could make that connection that way." As people in both China and the US are facing the common threat posed by the coronavirus, Covington said that people in the US should "put all those politics" aside and "just give that good smile" to people stricken by the disease. "We always have you in our hearts regardless of the distance and how far we are apart," Covington said in a message to the Chinese people at the conclusion of the interview.
WS5e55c1e4a31012821727a529	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55c1e4a31012821727a529.html	2020-02-26	China beefs up scenic area management amid coronavirus epidemic	China's Ministry of Culture and Tourism has asked scenic areas nationwide to continue implementing epidemic control measures and closely monitor tourist information, according to a set of guidelines issued Tuesday by the ministry. The guidelines required real-name ticketing, registration of tourists' contact and travel information and big data-powered monitoring of tourist information as scenic attractions have gradually started reopening to the public. Scenic spots in regions with a high risk of the novel coronavirus epidemic, however, should remain closed for the time being, the guidelines read. The scenic spots that are to reopen should strictly control tourist volume and avoid crowds. Tourists should have their temperatures taken and wear masks before entrance. The ministry also required scenic spots to monitor and report their employees' health conditions and beef up hygiene and epidemic control at major venues.
WS5e55c13aa31012821727a522	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55c13aa31012821727a522.html	2020-02-26	All J-League matches postponed due to coronavirus outbreak	TOKYO - Japan's professional football league matches at all levels have been postponed due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, the J-League announced on Tuesday. The J-League said in a statement on its website that all matches "scheduled in between 28th February and 15th March" will be put off after a decision made at the Board of Directors held on Tuesday. It said that the decision was made "considering the statement made by the experts on a government panel that the upcoming one to two weeks are critical to prevent clusters of the new coronavirus from further spreading." "J-League will take every effort to take measures to prevent the spread of the new coronavirus and to prepare to resume the matches. "Substitutional dates and handling of tickets will be announced once decided." Nippon Professional Baseball is also considering postponing matches due to the spread of the virus, with a decision expected to be made at an extraordinary meeting in Tokyo on Wednesday, Kyodo news agency said. Omi Shigeru, former Regional Director of World Health Organization (WHO) West Pacific, said on Monday, "The next one to three weeks is very crucial. We are at the crossroads. The speed of the expansion of the virus is very rapid. There are still possibilities for escalation and expansion. "What we have to do is to concentrate on doing everything required to reduce the speed of the expansion. "We cannot have illusions but we can reduce the speed of the expansion and reduce the mortality." The 71-year-old even warned that "it is too early to think about the Olympic Games".
WS5e55adf8a31012821727a491	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55adf8a31012821727a491.html	2020-02-26	Will hormone therapy leave novel coronavirus patients disabled?	Doctors treat a patient infected with the novel coronavirus in Wuhan on Feb 1, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/For China Daily] Since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus pneumonia, there is a rumor saying that hormone treatments used on patients will cause severe side-effects, even leaving them disabled. The rumor arose mainly because during the 2003 SARS epidemic, a large number of patients received injections of glucocorticoids - hormones that inhibit inflammation - to treat the disease. Despite the immediate curative effects, the therapy left many patients who survived the disease struggling with physical problems, such as femoral head necrosis, a skeletal disease that corrodes hipbones beyond repair, in the following years. Zhao Jianping, a respiratory expert at Wuhan Union Hospital, said in a previous report that Chinese medical experts had reached consensus on less use of hormones when treating novel coronavirus patients. "Due to a lack of knowledge, the amount of hormones used on SARS patients was quite heavy for a prolonged period. Now, we have agreed to avoid using excessive amounts of hormones," he was quoted as saying. According to the latest version of the guideline on diagnosis and treatment of novel coronavirus pneumonia released by the National Health Commission, doctors should be quite careful and cautious in the application of glucocorticoids to patients infected with the virus. For severe cases and critically ill patients, a limited amount of glucocorticoids can be used in a short period (3-5 days) based on the patient's condition, according to the guideline. So, will the recovered patients suffer from side-effects?  Wang Fusheng, an academician at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said even for severe patients, if they receive timely treatments, there will be few chronic side-effects. So far there is no effective medication for the virus, and a person's own immune system plays a critical role in fighting against the virus, said Zhou Xin, a respiratory expert with Shanghai General Hospital. What medical workers can do is to support the immune system and maintain the body's normal functions through the use of life-support equipment, such as ventilators, thus buying time for the body to regain strength and fight off the disease, he said.
WS5e55a69aa31012821727a478	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e55a69aa31012821727a478.html	2020-02-26	Countries urged to block spread of novel coronavirus	People buy face masks in Daegu, South Korea, on Tuesday. The country reported 893 novel coronavirus pneumonia cases as of Tuesday. JUNG YEON-JE/AFP China is willing to work with countries such as Japan and South Korea in taking necessary measures to block the transnational spread of the novel coronavirus, Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian said on Tuesday. Confirmed infections on the Chinese mainland rose by 508 on Monday to 77,658, according to the National Health Commission. With a daily increase of 71 deaths, a total of 2,663 people have succumbed to the pathogen. While the country has seen a downward trend in new infections, the situation is worsening in other countries. Agence France-Presse reported there are more than 2,000 cases and 30 deaths outside China. South Korea, Italy and Iran have seen sharp increases in infections and deaths, while several Middle Eastern countries reported their first cases, AFP reported. "China is paying close attention to the spread of the virus in Japan and South Korea, and we completely relate to what they are going through," Zhao said at a daily news conference. Noting that China, Japan and South Korea are close neighbors, Zhao said the three countries should help each other and advance cooperation. He said Beijing will share information and experience with the two countries, and will provide support and assistance within its ability and according to their needs. China is on high alert as the virus spreads internationally, especially in neighboring countries. Areas of China that are near to and in close contact with South Korea and Japan－such as Qingdao, Weihai and Yantai in Shandong province, Dalian in Liaoning province and the Yanbian Korean autonomous prefecture in Jilin province－have boosted preventive measures for overseas arrivals. These areas have enhanced border screening and quarantine measures and have restricted the entry of foreign nationals and required their isolation. The Qingdao city government announced in a statement on Monday that it would strengthen risk assessment and port quarantine measures, and would strictly implement airport screening. All arrivals, except those who need immediate isolation or further observation, should go to their accommodations in vehicles provided by local government, the statement said. Those who have homes in the city must undergo a 14-day isolation, and those who are visiting should stay at designated hotels, it said. Li Jiacheng, an associate professor at Liaoning University's School of International Studies and a research fellow at the Charhar Institute think tank, said the spread of the epidemic has become a regional challenge facing China, Japan and South Korea. Combating the virus has united the three countries, which gives greater meaning to the proposal to build a community with a shared future, he said. The events also provide an opportunity for the three countries to carry out public health cooperation through the World Health Organization, he added. As businesses, including foreign companies, resume production in China, some employees from Japan and South Korea will return to the country, Li said. "China has accumulated experience in coping with the epidemic. With many companies increasing production of medical supplies such as face masks, goggles and protective clothing, we could provide necessary assistance to Japan and South Korea after meeting our own needs," he added.
WS5e557684a31012821727a44f	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e557684a31012821727a44f.html	2020-02-26	CDC says US will have coronavirus outbreak	[Photo/Agencies] It is inevitable that the coronavirus will spread to communities in the United States, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned Tuesday. "It's not so much of a question of if this will happen in this country any more but a question of when this will happen," said Dr Nancy Messonnier, director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases. She said that public health officials have no idea whether the spread of the disease to the United States would be mild or severe, but that Americans should be ready for a significant disruption to their daily lives. "We are asking the American public to prepare for the expectation that this might be bad," Messonnier said. The CDC on Tuesday said the number of novel coronavirus cases in the US has jumped to 53. The tally now includes 40 passengers who were aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship, three people repatriated from China and 14 US cases, the CDC said. The breakdown of US cases is eight in California, two in Illinois and one each in Massachusetts, Washington, Arizona and Wisconsin. The three patients repatriated from China came from Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, according to the CDC.
WS5e554843a31012821727a42f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/26/WS5e554843a31012821727a42f.html	2020-02-26	US markets drop on fears of coronavirus hitting global economy	[Photo/Agencies] As the number of reported coronavirus cases outside China grew and sparked fears of a worldwide economic slowdown, the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 1,031.61 points, the biggest drop since February 2018. The Dow closed at 27,960.80, down 3.56 percent, after falling as much as 1,080 points in intraday trading. In the 2018 fall, the index closed down 1,175 points on fears a strong economy would spark inflation and force the US Federal Reserve to raise interest rates to cool the economy. Monday's drop was the third consecutive day of losses and erased the Dow's gains for 2020, dragging the index into the red. The S&P 500 declined 3.35 percent. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite fell 3.71 percent but remains up about 3 percent for the year. The S&P is down slightly in 2020. Earlier this month, all three major indexes closed at record highs as fears about the spread of the new coronavirus in China, also called COVID-19, appeared to ease. New cases of the disease were reported in Italy, testing the European Union's open borders. But the World Health Organization downplayed fears of a pandemic. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said the 14 confirmed cases in the US included two new cases in California. The CDC's totals don't include 39 cases among those evacuated from a cruise ship in Japan and the city of Wuhan in China. US airline stocks were hit hard Monday. Delta Air Lines closed down 6.29 percent. American Airlines closed down 8.52 percent. United Airlines fell 3.26 percent. Semiconductor makers also took a tumble. Intel, a Dow component, closed down 4.01 percent. Advanced Micro Devices dropped 7.81 percent. Nvidia was down 7.07 percent. The majority of Apple's iPhones are assembled in Shenzen, China, and the company's stock took a hit, closing down 4.75 percent. Last week, Apple said this quarter's revenue will fall short of the targeted range of $64 billion to $67 billion because the outbreak has limited iPhone production and eroded demand in China, where the company earns about 20 percent of its revenue. Supply-chain disruptions in key industries like auto parts and apparel could slow the US economy, some analysts warned. Goldman Sachs believes fallout from the coronavirus will slice as much as 0.8 percent from the US economy in the first quarter, up from the previously estimated 0.5 to 0.6 of a point. "Risks are clearly skewed to the downside with an increasing amount of companies suggesting potential production cuts should supply chain disruptions persist into the second quarter or later," said the New York investment bank in a research note to investors. Goldman Sachs said the effect of the coronavirus on US growth is likely to come in four areas: reduced US exports to China, reduced spending in the US by Chinese tourists and students, a decline in US purchases of imported goods and a decline in US production due to supply-chain production. "Our Asia Economics team's baseline assumption remains a sharp reduction in the rate of new infections by the end of the first quarter and a return of China activity to normal levels in April/May," Goldman Sachs said. Goldman Sachs found "no strong evidence" that increased dependence on Chinese supply chains has significantly cut US capital spending. This suggests that the long-term outlook is strong. Morgan Stanley believes China's economy will gradually return to normal despite challenges posed by a delayed return to work by migrant workers and the time needed to restart the transportation network. "Supply-chain disruption is the key factor in assessing the impact on global growth," the New York investment bank said. The price of oil is a proxy for future economic activity. Investors fear the coronavirus outbreak could slow the worldwide economy and reduce demand for oil. The price of Brent crude, a worldwide benchmark, fell $2.41 a barrel Monday, or 4.16 percent. On Monday, Exxon Mobil closed down 4.67 percent. Chevron fell 3.94 percent. Conoco was down 3.52 percent. Gold rose to a seven-year high, jumping 1.7 percent a troy ounce to $1,172.40 as investors sought security.
WS5e55d8b9a31012821727a6c6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e55d8b9a31012821727a6c6.html	2020-02-25	Iran's deputy health minister says he has coronavirus	None
WS5e551d77a31012821727a3fc	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e551d77a31012821727a3fc.html	2020-02-25	Iran deputy health minister tests positive for coronavirus - ILNA	A woman sits near parliamentary election campaign posters in Tehran, Iran Feb 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] DUBAI - Iran's deputy health minister has tested positive for coronavirus, the semi-official news agency ILNA reported on Tuesday. The spokesman for Iran's health ministry confirmed in an interview with state television that Deputy Minister Iraj Harirchi has been infected and is now under quarantine.  Reuters
WS5e550d13a31012821727a3e0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e550d13a31012821727a3e0.html	2020-02-25	WHO standing and working with China to fight coronavirus	Bruce Aylward, head of the WHO-China Joint Mission on COVID-19's foreign expert panel, said the WHO has been on the ground in Wuhan and has worked closely with the Chinese government. At a joint news conference in Beijing on Monday, the senior advisor to the WHO's director-general praised China's efforts to update and disclose the information to the world and responded to skeptics about the number of cases. It takes a while to figure out and numbers bounce around, he said. That's not unusual. He said what really matters is the trend instead of the numbers. ''If we go back and look over time with China, with all the different information, the trends have been incredibly clear and consistent,'' Aylward said.   Video: Qiao Yuhao Video editor: Xing Xudong Subtitle: Guan Xiaomeng Supervisors: Zhang Chunyan and Wang Jianfen
WS5e550cb4a31012821727a3d8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e550cb4a31012821727a3d8.html	2020-02-25	Novel coronavirus has not mutated: Chinese expert	Gene-sequencing of 104 novel coronavirus samples collected from different locations shows the virus has not mutated, a top Chinese expert told a news conference on Monday. Liang Wannian, head of the Chinese expert panel on outbreak response and disposal, said that the genetic data of the samples were 99 percent homogeneous, signs that mutation hasn't occurred. He shared what is known so far about the deadly pathogen at a news conference held by the WHO-China Joint Mission on COVID-19 in Beijing. The findings are based on the Chinese government's data and a field study in Central China's Hubei, South China's Guangdong and Southwest China's Sichuan provinces by the joint expert team, he said. According to the findings, the average age of confirmed patients is 51, with 77.8 percent aged between 30 and 69, and 77.5 percent of the cases in Hubei province - the center of the outbreak.   The bat is likely the host, and the pangolin is possibly one of the intermediary hosts, he said. Video: Qiao Yuhao Video editor: Xing Xudong Subtitle: Ma Chi Supervisors: Zhang Chunyan and Wang Jianfen
WS5e5503c0a31012821727a3c3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e5503c0a31012821727a3c3.html	2020-02-25	China's supply chain able to withstand coronavirus tempest	Workers perform docking operations at a port in Qingdao, East China's Shandong province, on Feb 11. [Photo by Yu Fangping/For China Daily] BEIJING -- The coronavirus outbreak is unlikely to shatter China's role in the international supply chain in an increasingly interconnected world economy as the country continues to make headway in containing the virus. Although epidemic control measures have slowed production and logistics for some companies in China, the largest source of imports to 65 countries worldwide, weighing on companies like Apple and Hyundai to maintain normal capacity, analysts and industry insiders said shifting production out of China won't be a cost-effective option. "I think in some sectors, companies are very dependent on China. There's no such thing as shifting the supply chain," said Nicholas Lardy, a senior fellow at the Washington DC-based Peterson Institute for International Economics. China is a world-leading sales and logistics services provider with full-fledged supply chain clusters, making it a go-to supplier for global enterprises, according to Yang Daqing, a researcher with the China Society of Logistics. The outbreak will not damage China's leading role in the global supply chain, said Lenovo CEO Yang Yuanqing, adding that the 33 Lenovo plants around the world are working to maintain stable supply. Addressing concerns over disruptions to the global auto supply chain, Mike Hawes, chief executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) in the United Kingdom, said it is too early for any judgment while any possible production bottleneck warrants attention given the level of complexity and integration of the supply chain. Hawes said the SMMT would keep an eye on the developments of the outbreak, while manufacturers make necessary adjustments to keep supply from hitting the brakes. The impact on China's supply chain comes in a few stages depending on how fast the outbreak will be contained, said Xu Qiyuan, a researcher with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. If the epidemic is brought under control before the export order spikes in March and April, industries in China will hardly feel the pinch, while any development past that may hit export and cause deeper disruptions, said Xu. The overall tally of new cases of confirmed novel coronavirus infection nationwide has gradually declined, with new cases outside Hubei Province, the epicenter of the outbreak, sinking to nine on Tuesday, official data showed. World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said Monday that COVID-19 can be contained, based upon the findings by the WHO-China joint mission in China. China has ratcheted up efforts to help companies resume production, arranging chartered trains to ferry workers from their hometowns to manufacturing hubs such as Guangdong, Zhejiang and Shanghai. Factories of some foreign companies like Tesla and FAW-Volkswagen Automobile have resumed production, while the American manufacturer Honeywell said 18 of its 21 plants in China are working at full capacity. The evolution of China's role in the supply chain has never been easy, said Yang Daqing. He said the coronavirus outbreak would upgrade it further to feature a better contingency system against various risks. The country may move up the global value chain after the epidemic with possible breakthroughs in sectors like Artificial Intelligence, industrial and civil robotics, 5G and medicare, said Fu Xiaolan, the founding director of Technology and Management Center for Development at Oxford University. Epidemic-driven demand for teleworking, long-distance medicare and online education will help boost sales for data storage services, according to Lenovo's Yang. "China will rebound rapidly after the novel coronavirus outbreak burns itself out because we are talking about a huge economy that is essential to the world's supply chain," said Tan Kok Wai, the Malaysian government's special envoy to China.
WS5e54ef23a31012821727a397	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e54ef23a31012821727a397.html	2020-02-25	Canary Islands hotel on lockdown after coronavirus case	MADRID - One hotel in the Canary Islands was put on lockdown on Tuesday after a coronavirus case was identified there the day before, a guest at the hotel told Reuters. Spanish media including Diario de Avisos and El Pais newspaper also reported the lockdown, saying there were around 1,000 guests at the hotel. "We can see from the window there are security officers outside the hotel and about 50 hotel employees," Christopher Betts said over the phone from his room at the hotel, adding that all hotel guests were asked to remain in their rooms. Betts, a British national, said they had been allowed to have breakfast in the hotel restaurant but added: "We have received no information whatsoever." He said he had not been tested for the virus yet. Spanish health authorities could not immediately confirm the hotel lockdown but said they would test tourists and staff in the hotel, in which an Italian national infected with the coronavirus stayed. The man, a doctor who came to Tenerife on holidays, was being kept in isolation in a hospital. He was the third case identified in Spain after a German tourist in La Gomera, another Canary Island, and a British man in Mallorca were tested positive. "We are checking people who had contact with the patient including the people in the hotel," a spokeswoman for Canary Island's health department. H10 Costa Adeje Palace hotel will not comment, a receptionist at the Barcelona-based company managing the hotel said. Tens of thousands are expected this week in the Canary Islands for carnival festivities.  Reuters
WS5e54ed6aa31012821727a38f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e54ed6aa31012821727a38f.html	2020-02-25	First critically ill novel coronavirus patient in Shanghai discharged from hospital	A medical staff member adjusts goggles at a hospital in Shanghai, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The first patient in Shanghai who became critically ill after getting infected with the novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) has recovered and was discharged from hospital on Tuesday. A total of 268 patients in Shanghai have recovered and been discharged as of noon on Tuesday, accounting for 80 percent of all confirmed cases in the municipality, according to the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission. The 68-year-old man, surnamed Yang, was a native of Wuhan city, the provincial capital of Hubei province. He developed a fever on Jan 10, the second day after he arrived in Shanghai from Wuhan to visit his son's family. His condition deteriorated in the following days. After being hospitalized in Shanghai Renji Hospital for several days, Yang received intubation treatment on Jan 23 and was confirmed to have the NCP. He was transferred to the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center, where confirmed NCP patients are treated in the municipality, on the same day. "He is old and his health condition is complicated as he suffers from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and hepatitis B and C," said Hu Bijie, one of the experts in Shanghai who specializes in the treatment of NCP. At the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center, a multidisciplinary medical team designed a customized treatment plan for Yang. Apart from the usual treatments all NCP patients receive, Yang was also prescribed anti-infective drugs, which prevent and treat bacterial and fungal infections, and given treatment to protect his coagulation function, Hu said. He explained that patients who have to receive intubation treatment after suffering from difficulty in breathing and those who suffer from extremely low blood pressure and even shock are deemed as critically ill. Hu said that there are still nine patients who are or were formerly critically ill because of the virus, but Yang's recovery has helped to boost the confidence of doctors and nurses in Shanghai.
WS5e54ecd1a31012821727a38e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e54ecd1a31012821727a38e.html	2020-02-25	President Xi's remarks on novel coronavirus outbreak	None
WS5e54ec4da31012821727a38a	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e54ec4da31012821727a38a.html	2020-02-25	Coronavirus and world responsibility	Medical workers support each other in the ICU of Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Xiong Qi / Xinhua] The novel coronavirus, also known as COVID-19, has become a global concern. Chinese efforts in curbing the virus have widely been recognized. Even the World Health Organization has lauded the efforts of the Chinese government and advised the world to learn from China in fighting the disease. To stop the outbreak, China has made extraordinary efforts. Wuhan has been completely quarantined along with other cities where the number of infected people was growing rapidly. Apart from this, the central government has mobilized all its resources, with teams of doctors and medical supplies being directly sent to the affected place in the shortest period of time. House-to-house temperature checks have been initiated. People were asked to report to the authorities immediately if they have any sign of fever, cough or pneumonia. To ensure a smooth supply of food and daily necessities, special arrangements were made. Were it not possible for the people to acquire daily necessities, the government had ensured that the masses would be provided food, clothing and shelter at the expense of the government. To meet with the sudden demand for hospitals in Wuhan city, two were built in less than two weeks, equipped with state-of-the-art technology, while makeshift hospitals were also established. Due to such government efforts, the number of infected people and fatalities has been reduced significantly. Moreover, the Chinese government has decided to reopen schools but students will be given lessons online. For the factories and workers, the government has decided to bring workers in shifts and that will also depend on the conditions. Official meetings and other day-to-day work are being minimized and where necessary; officials are asked to avoid direct contact and instead hold online meetings. For trade and commerce, human contact is minimized and machines and robots are given tasks to perform duties. Thanks to such policies, we have seen a sharp decline in the spread of the virus and number of fatalities. The Chinese experience with fighting against virus has largely been successful and many countries have praised the efforts. Despite this, a few countries still showed some hostile behavior toward China. The worse example of such hostility is that some nations refused to provide medical equipment, machines, technical staff and face masks. Above all were the comments of the US commerce secretary. He reportedly advised American companies to shift their manufacturing units out of China because China is dirty. Such remarks never suit a responsible statesman. Besides, there have been numerous reports in the media that Chinese people have been humiliated or harassed in different countries only because they are from China. Such behavior is inhuman and highly condemnable. In contrast, some countries have provided all possible support to China. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has appreciated Pakistan’s help to China in this difficult time. But regretfully, the USA, India and their allies are spreading baseless rumors to distort the truth and propagating conspiracy theories which have no scientific basis. China is a responsible country and has played its due role during world crises. We should not forget the role of China during fight against the Ebola. It was Chinese scientists who were on the front lines. No matter if it was a global warming conference, an earthquake in Haiti, UN peacekeeping forces or hurricanes in Philippines and Indonesia, China was in the forefront. We know difficult times never remain the same. But this makes nations more resilient and united. All Chinese are together, telling the world that we are united and we will win the war against the coronavirus. The writer is a professor and director of the BRI Research Center at Yancheng Institute of Technology, Jiangsu, China.  The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.  
WS5e54e1bfa31012821727a358	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e54e1bfa31012821727a358.html	2020-02-25	World Team Table Tennis championships delayed due to coronavirus	SEOUL - The International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) announced on Tuesday that the 2020 World Team Table Tennis Championships, originally set to open on March 22 in South Korea's southeastern port city of Busan, will be postponed amid the soaring cases of COVID-19 in the country over the past week. "In light of the emerging situation in Korea Republic and to best preserve the health and safety of players, officials and fans, the Hana Bank 2020 World Team Table Tennis Championships in Busan have been postponed with the dates of 21-28 June provisionally reserved," read an ITTF statement. It noted that an emergency contingency meeting was held between the ITTF senior management, the Korea Table Tennis Association (KTTA) and representatives of Busan, after the city reported its first confirmed case of coronavirus last Friday. Following the meeting, the ITTF executive committee approved the decision to provisionally delay the event from March 22-29 to June 21-28, while monitoring the situation over the coming weeks. The postponement of the Busan tournament had been widely expected, with 37 teams already having announced their withdrawal from the event amid concerns over the spread of coronavirus. As of Tuesday morning, the number of confirmed cases in South Korea had risen to 893, up 60 from the previous day, with eight people having died.
WS5e54b784a31012821727a260	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e54b784a31012821727a260.html	2020-02-25	Wuhan doctor answers coronavirus questions	Chris, an American vlogger with more than 400,000 followers on Sina Weibo, managed to get on the phone with Doctor Gong Zuojiong to answer questions about the novel coronavirus and dispel some rumors and misinformation. Gong is the director of the Department of Infectious Diseases at Wuhan University's Renmin Hospital and on the front lines fighting the virus. Check it out!
WS5e548f15a31012821727a1dd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e548f15a31012821727a1dd.html	2020-02-25	Should scenic spots be open during the novel coronavirus outbreak in China?	Should scenic spots be open during the novel coronavirus outbreak in China? Yes. No. Unsure.
WS5e54821ba31012821727a106	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e54821ba31012821727a106.html	2020-02-25	HK coronavirus tally at 81 with 7 new infections	New People's Party Chairwoman Regina Ip Lau Suk-yee (second right), one of the members of a community alliance formed to fight the novel coronavirus, delivers face masks to the elderly at Siu Sai Wan Estate on Sunday morning. Edmond Tang / China Daily Seven more Hong Kong people were confirmed on Monday to have been infected with the novel coronavirus, bringing the tally to 81. Seven latest patients included three female and one male passengers from the Diamond Princess cruise ship who were among near 200 others flown back to the SAR from Japan on three chartered flights last week, and two residents who had been to a temple in a multistory residential building in North Point. Two passengers who had tested negative to the deadly disease before being flown back to Hong Kong were confirmed to have contracted the virus after moving into the newly built Chun Yeung public housing estate in Fo Tan for a 14-day quarantine, Chuang Shuk-kwan, head of the Communicable Disease Branch of the Centre for Health Protection, said at the government's daily briefing on the epidemic on Monday. Among the more than 200 cruise ship passengers under quarantine at Chun Yeung Estate, three have been confirmed to be infected, while another two have initially tested positive for the virus. The 76th and 77th patients had visited the Fook Wai Ching She — a small Buddhist temple on the upper floor of a residential building on Shu Kuk Street. Four other infected patients had also been to the temple. Chuang said the government has so far contacted more than 100 people who had also visited the temple and found seven of them had developed symptoms and were hospitalized. Another 16 have been quarantined and a total of 107 are required to take a medical examination. The 75th confirmed patient is a 35-year-old businessman living in Yuen Long who had visited Shenzhen early this month. Meanwhile, the Hospital Authority said on Monday all front-line medical workers who have been on duty since Jan 25, when the government declared an emergency to deal with the outbreak, will be entitled to a daily subsidy of HK$500 ($64), or 20 percent of the basic salary (subject to the higher one). The measure is expected to benefit 25,000 medical employees. The epidemic, which broke out in Wuhan, Hubei province, in late December, has so far infected more than 77,000 people and killed more than 2,500 on the Chinese mainland. The disease has now spread to about 30 countries and regions, including South Korea, which had reported at least 833 confirmed cases as of Monday — the second-highest number of people infected outside the Chinese mainland, following Japan. Secretary for Security John Lee Ka-chiu said on Monday all non-Hong Kong residents arriving in the SAR from South Korea from 6 am on Tuesday will be barred from entering the city. The SAR government also issued a "red travel alert" for South Korea, warning local residents against visiting the country unless necessary. Secretary for Food and Health Sophia Chan Siu-chee also said that as of Tuesday, Hong Kong residents returning from visits to Daegu and Gyeongsang-bukdo — the two South Korean cities hardest hit by the epidemic — will be sent to quarantine centers on arrival. Those who haven't been to the two places but have been to South Korea will be subject to medical observation and advised to stay at home for two weeks and wear masks when going out. Macao also said on Monday that all travelers who have been to South Korea in the past 14 days will be subject to a medical examination on entry.
WS5e547c49a31012821727a0cc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e547c49a31012821727a0cc.html	2020-02-25	11 autopsies of novel coronavirus patients completed	Chinese scientists have finished 11 autopsies of patients who died after being infected with the novel coronavirus, which may yield new insights on the disease and improve treatment and prevention efforts. From Feb 16 to 24, a team of scientists from the Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, Hubei province, had conducted nine autopsies, local media reported. Earlier this month, scientists from Shanghai also concluded two autopsies. Wang Guoping, a medical professor from the university, said an autopsy is the most direct way of unveiling the secrets of the virus, and it serves as one of the key ways to understand the pathogen's mechanism and cause of death. The oldest body was from a person who died at 80, and the youngest from someone aged 52. Wang said scientists are working overtime to analyze the results, hoping to bring new insights into the virus and help stop the epidemic.
WS5e546ce0a310128217279fc7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e546ce0a310128217279fc7.html	2020-02-25	Novel coronavirus can be transmitted via mosquito?	Anopheles mosquitoes seen in a net placed in a rice field during a test of the use of drone technology in the fight against malaria on the island of Zanzibar, Tanzania on Oct 30, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] The rumor that mosquitoes are likely to transmit the novel coronavirus has gone viral on social media. However, the World Health Organization noted on Saturday there is no evidence or proof yet showing the virus can be transmitted this way. According to WHO, the novel coronavirus is a respiratory virus, which spreads primarily through contact with an infected person via respiratory droplets generated when he or she coughs or sneezes, or via droplet discharge from the nose. The WHO stressed it's important for people to wash their hands regularly with either alcohol-based hand rub or soap and water. Avoiding direct contact with those who are coughing and sneezing is also recommended.
WS5e5469d5a310128217279f90	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e5469d5a310128217279f90.html	2020-02-25	Novel coronavirus could soon build a home in a human being near us	A team of novel coronavirus pneumonia experts from China and the World Health Organization visit the Guanggu branch of Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 23, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Wang Chen, president of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and a famous respiratory expert, recently told reporters it was possible for the novel coronavirus to become a long-standing disease like flu that coexists with human beings. Wang's warning has drawn wide public concern given how the outbreak has hit us in recent days. But instead of worrying unduly, we should properly understand this "coexistence" so as to be able to fight the virus and maintain social order. Considering what we already know of the novel coronavirus' characteristics, many experts agree with Wang's assessment. Prolonged existence of a new virus is, after all, not unheard of. And it is common for many microbes, such as bacteria and fungus, to coexist with human beings for a long time. For a virus to coexist with human beings it has to have low virulence, so that it does not kill the host it lives in. Once the low-virulence virus spreads widely it is possible for it to become longstanding in human society, like flu. From what we know so far, these are exactly the characteristics of the novel coronavirus. Experts also point out that if the novel coronavirus becomes a long-lasting disease, it will not harm humans as seriously as it is doing right now, because natural immunity to the virus will improve by then and efforts to research and develop a vaccine may be successful. We should prepare for all possibilities in the future, but first of all we should make all efforts to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus, considering the heavy cost its outbreak has on society. Effective epidemic prevention and control measures can also reduce the possibility of the virus coexisting with human beings, but this will require joint efforts by countries around the world. As individuals and society, a scientific understanding of the virus, policies such as a thorough ban on trade in wild animals, and an improved public health system and personal hygiene will also help fight the novel coronavirus.
WS5e53f82fa310128217279ed4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e53f82fa310128217279ed4.html	2020-02-25	Coronavirus cases in Wuhan slow slightly: experts	Among the COVID-19 patients admitted by the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University from Hunan Province, the first batch of 11 patients with severe symptoms were discharged from the Zhongfaxincheng campus of Tongji Hospital affiliated to Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, with the eldest 82 and the youngest 38 years old. [Photo\Xinhua] The growth of new infections in Wuhan, the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, has slowed compared with earlier data, yet the situation there remains challenging, according to Liang Wannian, head of the Chinese expert panel on outbreak response and disposal. Wannian told a joint news conference with the World Health Organization on Monday that despite the turn for better, the situation in Wuhan is still grim, with daily new confirmed cases and suspected cases around 400 respectively. Speaking alongside Liang, Canadian epidemiologist Bruce Aylward who leads the WHO mission team said that the new infections could decline faster in Wuhan in the months to come. Cases in Wuhan have been going down for more than 10 days. They're at a point now where the number of cured people coming out of hospital each day is much more than the sick going in as a good indicator, Aylward said. But challenges still remain, especially the strain on the medical system with tens of thousands of sick people in the makeshift hospital or designated hospitals, he added. "There's no question that they're going the right direction. If you follow the numbers, you'll see that they're dropping faster," he said.
WS5e53f351a310128217279ed0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/25/WS5e53f351a310128217279ed0.html	2020-02-25	WHO working closely with China to fight coronavirus outbreak	Bruce Aylward, senior advisor to Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO), told a joint news conference in Beijing on Monday that its team of experts came to China at the right time. The WHO’s team has been on the ground in Wuhan, Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, since Jan 21 and has worked closely with the Chinese government, he said. “It was the right time to be coming,”he said. International experts arrived about a week ago and the joint team visited three provinces to learn about the effectiveness of the epidemic prevention and control measures in urban and rural areas of China. Aylward praised China’s efforts to update and disclose the information about the novel coronavirus to the world. In any crisis, especially for a new disease, officials must accurately diagnose new cases, develop efficient treatment and make it available as quickly as possible, he said. “It takes a while to figure out why the numbers bounce around,” said. “That's not unusual.” He said that the trend line of the epidemic — not daily reports of new cases — is the key issue is determining success in fighting the outbreak. “If we go back and look over time with China, with all the different information, the trends have been incredibly clear and consistent,” Aylward said.
WS5e53d260a310128217279ea7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e53d260a310128217279ea7.html	2020-02-24	Novel coronavirus has not mutated: Top expert	Test tube with Corona virus name label is seen in this illustration taken on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Gene-sequencing of 104 novel coronavirus samples collected from different locations shows the virus has not mutated, a top Chinese expert told a news conference on Monday. Liang Wannian, head of the Chinese expert panel on outbreak response and disposal, said that the genetic data of the samples were 99 percent homogeneous, signs that mutation hasn't occurred. He shared what is known so far about the deadly pathogen at a news conference held by the WHO-China Joint Mission on COVID-19 in Beijing. The findings are based on the Chinese government's data and a field study in Central China's Hubei, South China's Guangdong and Southwest China's Sichuan provinces by the joint expert team, he said. According to the findings, the average age of confirmed patients is 51, with 77.8 percent aged between 30 and 69, and 77.5 percent of the cases in Hubei province - the center of the outbreak. The bat is likely the host, and the pangolin is possibly one of the intermediary hosts, he said. Liang said the coronavirus is mainly transmitted through respiratory droplets and physical contact, and there's a risk for fecal-oral and aerosol transmission. But he noted that fecal-oral and aerosol transmission are not major transmission routes in the Chinese mainland. Data from Guangdong and Sichuan provinces showed 78 to 85 percent of patients got infected within families, which shows that control measures have been effective in halting the virus from spreading within communities, he said, adding that 1 to 5 percent of the close contacts of infected patients tested positive for the virus in the two provinces. He said since it is a new virus, people of all age groups lack immunity. It takes roughly two weeks for patients with mild symptoms to recover, and up to six weeks for critically ill patients to recover.
WS5e53af6fa310128217279e6d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e53af6fa310128217279e6d.html	2020-02-24	What impact could the coronavirus epidemic have on agriculture and food security?	Fruit growers in Haikou, Hainan province, package cantaloupes, which will be sold on Alibaba's online platform and delivered across the country. [Photo by Niu Jing/For China Daily] In late December 2019, a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) was identified as the cause of a significant number of human cases of a respiratory disease in China. The current outbreak was first detected in Wuhan City, which is a major domestic and international economic and transport hub in China. In a month's time, the deadly virus has turned the world upside down, and fear has spread faster than the virus, which appears to be highly contagious but less lethal than its now well-known predecessors of the same coronavirus family, SARS and MERS-cov. Although the 2019-nCOV epidemic is primarily a Public Health crisis, experts are already voicing their concerns that the virus could have a much broader impact on the Chinese and global economy, leading to worldwide socio- economic disruptions. If 2003 SARS epidemic is often taken as a reference point to extrapolate on the course of evolution of this novel coronavirus epidemic, from a public health and socio-economic perspective, China's contribution to the world economy today does not compare to what it was 17 years ago. It has also come a long way since SARS, in its capacity to handle rapidly and efficiently such emergency situations. China has now become central to the global economy during the last decades, contributing 18.67 percent to the world GDP in 2018, while it accounted for 8.74 percent of world economic output in 2003, according to the International Monetary Fund. China is also the world's biggest trading nation deeply entrenched in global trade through a multitude of bilateral and multilateral trade agreements. Although the share of agriculture, including forestry and fisheries in the country's GDP is declining, its contribution to national GDP was 7.19 percent in 2018. The country's exports and imports cover destinations and sources spanning all regions of the world and agriculture and food constitutes a significant share of China's trade portfolio. This has subsequently raised questions of the impact of the new coronavirus epidemic on the agriculture supply and demand side, in China and abroad, with possible ripple effects on food prices and markets. However, as of today, expert's opinions on this matter remain very cautious and the only certainty is that nothing is certain at the moment. The evolution of the epidemic during the coming days and weeks will be crucial, and its impact on the economy or the agriculture sector will very much depend on the time needed to stop the spread of the deadly virus. Assessing the impact on the agriculture sector is therefore premature and only speculative at this stage and will depend on how long the health emergency lasts and restrictive measures remain in place before businesses can resume normal operations. Learning from the past and similar Public Health emergencies, restrictions on the movement of goods and people can have significant socio-economic repercussions on people's livelihoods, going beyond the direct impact on health, and affecting the most vulnerable groups. While these restrictions are necessary to limit the spread of a disease, they often lead to disruption of market chains and trade of agricultural products, with significant potential impacts on the populations that depend on them for their livelihoods and their food and nutrition security. In such cases, local economies are often the hardest hit, as businesses remain shuttered and consumers hunkered down in their homes. Most affected might be medium-sized companies and small businesses as supply chains of their products are disrupted due to restrictions on transportation and people's movements. This current coronavirus epidemic is also happening in the aftermath of the African Swine Fever (ASF) epidemic that started in August 2018 and affected severely the Chinese's pig industry, leading to an increase in prices for consumers and income losses for smallholder farmers. To counter such adverse effects in rural areas, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs (MARA) is carefully monitoring the situation and has taken a series of measures to ease the pressure on small businesses, while contributing to the national effort of halting the inter-human transmission. On 27 January, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and National Health Commission issued a joint information note to farmers for prevention and control of the virus in rural areas. Recognizing the importance of ensuring the supply of food in good quantity and quality during the emergency period, MARA also issued on 30 January 2020 a notice to support and guarantee winter and spring food production during the epidemic period and beyond. Ultimately, while today's focus is on stopping the interhuman transmission, mitigation and early recovery measures should be anticipated and put in place as soon as possible to minimize the disruptive effect on food systems and market chains, locally and globally. Understanding the impact on people's livelihood in rural areas and studying the origin and emergence of the virus at the human-animal-environment interface are of paramount importance to prevent the reoccurrence of such epidemics in the future. Under the One Health approach, FAO is working closely with national partners, MARA and the Chinese Academy of Agriculture Sciences – CAAS, among others as well as international organizations such as the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) to assist in identifying the potential animal hosts of this virus and also to measure the impact on smallholder farmer's livelihood. These were some of the key messages delivered in a statement by the Rome based Food agencies (FAO, IFAD and WFP) on the 5th of February, which are willing to provide all the support needed to the Government of China and the Chinese people in their race to defeat the virus and mitigate its impact on people's health and livelihoods. The author is FAO Representative in China and DPRK. The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily. 
WS5e53a251a310128217279e4f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e53a251a310128217279e4f.html	2020-02-24	S.Korea reports 60 new coronavirus cases, raising total to 893	Employees from a disinfection service company sanitize outside the National Assembly in Seoul, South Korea, Feb 24, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea reported 60 new cases of the coronavirus, increasing the total number of infected patients in the country to 893, the Korea Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) said on Tuesday. Of the new cases, 16 were in the southeastern city of Daegu, where a church that was at the centre of the outbreak is located, and 33 from North Gyeongsang Province, KCDC said. Reuters
WS5e539815a310128217279e2f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e539815a310128217279e2f.html	2020-02-24	Six provinces lower coronavirus emergency response levels	None
WS5e53934ca310128217279e14	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e53934ca310128217279e14.html	2020-02-24	World leaders support China's fight against novel coronavirus	Leaders of various countries have praised China's battle against the epidemic caused by novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Russian President Vladimir Putin chairs a meeting with members of the government in Moscow, Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The Chinese authorities are taking decisive and vigorous measures in order to stop the epidemic. Russian President Vladimir Putin  State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi (left) welcomes visiting Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen (right) in Beijing on Feb 5, 2020. [Photo by Feng Yongbin/chinadaily.com.cn] We would like to congratulate the People's Republic of China on its efforts to contain the spread of the COVID-19, and we also thank China for taking care of Cambodian students there, including 23 in Wuhan city. Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen  Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi (left) meets with Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith in Vientiane, Laos, Feb 21, 2020. [Photo /Xinhua] I firmly believe under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, and through the hard work of the Chinese people and the concerted efforts of the international community, China will overcome the epidemic as soon as possible, maintain rapid economic development and achieve the first centenary goal as scheduled. Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith  Azeri President Ilham Aliyev attends a meeting with his Belarussian counterpart Alexander Lukashenko in Minsk, Belarus, Nov 19, 2018. [Photo/Agencies] I highly appreciate the steps taken by the government of China and the perseverance shown by the people of China in order to prevent the spread of epidemic and human casualties. Azeri President Ilham Aliyev German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks at a news conference after the second day of the European Union leaders summit, held to discuss the EU's long-term budget for 2021-2027, in Brussels, Belgium, Feb 21, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] China's decisive steps in coping with the outbreak have won a high degree of support from the Chinese people. German Chancellor Angela Merkel  Spain's King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia wave during their visit to Almonte, southern Spain, Feb 14, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] I appreciate the Chinese government for its great efforts and practical measures in effectively preventing and controlling the epidemic. The Spanish side stands ready to do its best to cooperate with the Chinese side and contribute to containing and combating the epidemic. Spanish King Felipe VI Chile's President Sebastian Pinera delivers speech during the inauguration of the annual National Meeting of Entrepreneurs in Santiago, Chile, Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The Chilean side thanks the Chinese side for its great efforts, which demonstrate transparency, unity, efficiency and strong leadership. Public safety emergencies require concerted cooperation of the international community. Chilean President Sebastian Pinera  Colombia's President Ivan Duque Marquez speaks during a statement at the Narino presidential house in Bogota, Colombia, Aug 29, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] China's relevant measures will effectively protect the people of China and of other countries in the world from an even greater impact of the epidemic. Colombian President Ivan Duque Marquez 
WS5e539292a310128217279e08	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e539292a310128217279e08.html	2020-02-24	Chinese tech firms resilient despite coronavirus epidemic	A man uses his smartphone next to the Xiaomi brand's store in central Kiev, Ukraine, Feb 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] GUANGZHOU -- Forced cancellation of offline events, stagnation of market sales, disruption of supply chains, and delayed return of tens of thousands of workers, the challenges posed by the ongoing coronavirus epidemic on Chinese tech firms are unprecedented. Taking decisive and speedy measures with strong resolution to cope with the sudden changes in the production and market environment, Chinese tech firms have demonstrated their resilience in the face of the difficulties and uncertainties. Facing challenges Wearing a face mask and jeans, China's tech giant Xiaomi's founder and CEO Lei Jun stood in front of a large screen and launched the smartphone maker's flagship product MI 10 via an online-only event on Feb 13. It was an unexpected move and also marked the company's first time to unveil its flagship smartphone online. The company had planned to hold an offline event attended by 3,000 people in Beijing, but was forced to cancel it due to the growing concern over the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. With a rapid response, Xiaomi managed to move the event from offline to online. Within one minute of the online event, the sales of the new product hit 200 million yuan ($28.4 million). "This is a special launch at a special time," said Lei. "Our lives can be affected by the epidemic, but never be defeated." Like Xiaomi, many smartphone makers in China have switched to "crisis mode" soon after the coronavirus outbreak. OPPO, one of the world's top five smartphone makers by sales volume last year, also planned to launch its new products online. Chen Mingyong, founder and CEO of OPPO, said although the outbreak resulted in the cancellation of the Mobile World Congress (MWC) which had been scheduled to be held on Feb 24 in Barcelona of Spain, the company would unveil its 5G flagship smartphone Find X2 and its first smart watch product online in early March. "Although our business has been affected by the outbreak in 2020, we will still gain more shares in markets that we have already entered, further explore the markets in Germany, Ireland, Portugal, Belgium and Romania, and enter the Latin American market with a foothold in Mexico. We are confident of maintaining the steady operation of our global business," said Chen. Vivo, another major smartphone maker headquartered in the southern Chinese city of Dongguan, Guangdong Province, like OPPO, will unveil its 5G flagship phone iQOO online. After the outbreak, the firm initiated an emergency response and updated its employees on prevention measures in the fight against the virus. For customers who have ordered phones online, it disinfected the phones before delivering them by mail. Telecom giant Huawei told Xinhua that it has provided 5G platforms and aided the construction of Huoshenshan and Leishenshan, two newly built major makeshift hospitals in Wuhan, epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. As of Saturday, Huawei has resumed 90 percent of its production capacity. Exploring new opportunities While the coronavirus outbreak poses challenges to supply chains, sales, and employees' safety, Chinese tech companies are striving to turn challenges into opportunities. Gree Electric Appliances, a leading home appliance manufacturer in China, suffered a great hit from the epidemic. Its factory in Wuhan was closed, stores were frozen, and even online sales were stalled as delivery and installation services were disrupted. However, the company sees opportunities in the surging demand for thermometers, air purifiers and face masks, and accelerates the R&D and production of those products. "The difficulties are here. Instead of sitting and watching revenue slide, we are doing whatever we can," said Dong Mingzhu, Gree's chairwoman. Thanks to the accumulation of core technologies, the company was able to react quickly to consumers' demands. For example, it developed 60 moulds for thermometers within 10 days to meet the market demand. Based on its previously developed anti-virus air purifier, it is developing an air purifier that can kill coronavirus. The product is under testing in some hospitals in Wuhan, and will soon be put into large production. Ping An Insurance Group, a leading financial firm that witnessed its emerging technology business grows 27.1 percent year on year to about 82.1 billion yuan in 2019, is another firm that sees opportunities over challenges. Du Peng, deputy Party secretary of the group, said that the company has been trying to use technology to tackle social management challenges in recent years. He said that though the epidemic has posed challenges to city management, it has spurred the demand for online government and medical services. After the outbreak of the epidemic, the Smart City Business Department of Ping An developed an online AI system that can help doctors diagnose coronavirus infected patients faster. "The outbreak further demonstrates the scarcity of medical resources in China, but we can alleviate the problem by using technology," said Du. "Although the shock is grave, it also presses the fast-track button of building smart cities in China, and boosts the wider applications of smart technologies." Confidence in future Business executives and academics of the high-tech field in China have reached a consensus that the epidemic cannot change the long-term development trend of China's economy. Wu Xiaobo, professor of innovation and strategic management with Zhejiang University, called on people to have a rational understanding of the aftershock of the outbreak, which is an economy difficulty caused by a sudden non-economic event, different from the regular economic crisis. "Thus, it has not, and will not disrupt the industrial chain and demand supply chain. From a mid- and long-term perspective, China's economy will be undoubtedly back on track, and the trend of consumption upgrade will not cease," Wu said. Li Yunfei, deputy general manager of the new energy automobile manufacturer BYD, said that in the long run, China's economy is strong and resilient, the short-term impact of the epidemic will wane, and China's share of the world economy will rise steadily. "If we look back to 2003, the automobile consumption reached a small peak after the SARS epidemic had ended. We are confident in the sales bounce after this epidemic, and are carrying out our plans orderly," Li said. The company is set to launch a series of innovative products, including a new kind of automobile battery that can achieve a great leap in safety, performance and lifespan, and a new mode of car called Han based on this battery. Zeng Qinghong, chairman of Guangzhou Automobile Group, another major automobile manufacturer headquartered in the Pearl River Delta, said the company suffered a sales decline of 15 percent year-on-year in January, but that could be largely explained by the one-week reduction of workdays last month as this year's Spring Festival holiday falls in the month. He said the domestic demand for automobiles is still robust. "The impact of the epidemic is real, but we could offset the impact by working around the clock," said Zeng. "The difficulties are temporary, we have strong confidence that we can achieve high-quality development."
WS5e538684a310128217279d87	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e538684a310128217279d87.html	2020-02-24	Afghanistan reports first coronavirus case	KABUL - Afghanistan's Public Health Ministry on Monday confirmed the first case of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in the country. "The first coronavirus case was found in western Herat province. The patient had no direct contact with the public recently," Afghan Public Health Minister Ferozuddin Feroz told reporters here. "The first infected person has been isolated," he said. An emergency situation has been announced in the province, 640 km west of Kabul, said the minister, adding an 80-bed isolation ward has been set up in the Herat Regional Hospital in case if any new case was found. The minister said groups for detecting contagious diseases have already been established in the province, bordering Iran.
WS5e535dcea310128217279ce6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e535dcea310128217279ce6.html	2020-02-24	BMW reaffirms support for China during fight against coronavirus	BMW's booth at the Guangzhou auto show last year attracts many visitors. [Photo/China Daily] German premium carmaker BMW is confident in China's battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak and vowed to grow its contribution to economic development in its largest market worldwide. "We applaud the decisive and comprehensive actions taken by the Chinese government as well as local authorities to safeguard public health and the global community," said BMW Chairman Oliver Zipse in a recent letter to officials in Beijing and Liaoning province. BMW's China operations are headquartered in Beijing and its Chinese joint venture BMW Brilliance has plants in Shenyang, capital of Liaoning province. Zipse said the Munich-based carmaker is well-prepared to recover its business and production operations in China step by step. BMW reopened its offices across the country for business on Feb 17, and BMW Brilliance plants in Shenyang have gradually resumed production as well. "BMW Group will not only continue, but further grow our contribution to the economic development of local society," Zipse said. "The BMW Group is reaffirming its unwavering support for China." Jochen Goller, president and CEO of BMW Group Region China, has been in China for the past several weeks and said he has witnessed the effective measures taken by the Chinese government to get the epidemic under control. "Everyone at BMW Group in Munich as well as in China is standing unwaveringly behind China and the Chinese people," Goller said. "We call on the global community to join us in this support." BMW has so far donated 35 million yuan ($4.98 million) since the outbreak of the epidemic to support the virus-fighting effort. "We have full trust in the Chinese government that they are capable of managing the crisis and defeating the epidemic," Goller said. "Furthermore we remain very confident in the medium and long-term business outlook of our No 1 worldwide market." Battling a downward trend in the Chinese vehicle market, the premium automaker last year delivered 723,680 BMW and MINI-branded vehicles, up 13.1 percent year-on-year, topping the list of premium vehicle companies in the country. This was the company's best-ever sales result since it entered China in 1994 and accounted for around 28 percent of its global sales in 2019. As the carmaker resumes business in China, it has discussed new measures with its 6,000 plus employees to ensure their health. "We are now gradually ramping up to normal production while ensuring that the health and safety of our associates remains our first priority," said Johann Wieland, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance.
WS5e534641a310128217279cb3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e534641a310128217279cb3.html	2020-02-24	New coronavirus infections number in the hundreds across China	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] New novel coronavirus infections on the Chinese mainland were reported to number 409 in the past 24 hours, for a cumulative total of 77,150, the National Health Commission announced on Monday. Several provincial-level regions have no reports of new confirmed cases, including Beijing, Anhui, Hunan and Henan. As of Sunday at midnight, the commission reported 150 new deaths, raising the death toll to 2,592. Another 620 new suspected cases were also reported, the commission said. On the same day, a total of 1,846 people were discharged from hospital after recovery. The commission added the number of patients in severe condition had been reduced by 1,053 in the past 24 hours. A total of 635,531 close contacts had been traced, and among them, 16,758 were discharged from medical observation on Sunday. The commission said another 97,481 close contacts are still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 112 confirmed cases, with two deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan. A total of 398 new infections of the novel coronavirus were reported as Sunday midnight in Central China's Hubei province, center of the outbreak, bringing the total confirmed cases for the province up to 64,287. The province also reported 149 new fatalities in the past 24 hours, for a provincial death toll of 2,495, the Hubei Health Commission released on Monday morning. Of the new fatalities, 131 deaths were reported in Wuhan, capital of the province. The commission also reported 1,439 new recovery cases on the same day. A total of 16,738 patients in the province have been released from the hospital after recovery. Health authorities in the province have traced 246,781 people with close contact with patients, with 58,575 still under medical observation.
WS5e5316b3a310128217279a30	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e5316b3a310128217279a30.html	2020-02-24	Unrealistic to expect vaccine for novel coronavirus to arrive soon	Test tube with Corona virus name label is seen in this illustration taken on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] At a news conference on Saturday, the Science and Technology Department of Zhejiang Province said that their newly developed vaccine for the novel coronavirus had already produced antibodies and was now being tested on animals. That news has been widely reported, with some media outlets declaring in big, bold headlines "Vaccines for novel coronavirus possible in the near future". Zhejiang has made good progress, but even the department itself said that the cycle of developing vaccines is quite long. It is unrealistic to expect a vaccine for the novel coronavirus to be available any time soon. Animal testing is still an early stage in the development of vaccines, and it comprises two phases, namely safety and validity. After both are finished, which means the pre-clinical vaccine proves safe and valid on animals, the vaccine will be tested on volunteers. Then the tests will be expanded to hospitals and if all goes well, it will then be allowed to enter the market. The process of producing a vaccine is very long. It took 18 years for Chinese scientists to produce the first domestic Human papillomaviruses (HPV) vaccine. It took 37 years for researchers to develop a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) vaccine to the last step, which the latest reports show has failed. Therefore, Zhejiang's progress in developing a novel coronavirus vaccine is welcome, but one should not expect to get a shot to protect against the virus in the near future. Yet Zhejiang's breakthroughs are still innovative in two aspects. First, they have confirmed that S-protein of the novel coronavirus plays a key role in its intrusion into human cells, and the vaccine is specifically targeted at preventing this. That raises hopes that the vaccine will be effective. Second, the vaccine was produced with a new virus vector technology, which exploits the way viruses hijack cell machinery to introduce desired genetic material into human cells. The same technology was applied to produce a vaccine for Ebola, but that vaccine has not been put on the market because the risk is rather low in China. If the novel coronavirus vaccine makes its way into the market, it will be the first one in the Chinese market produced with virus vector technology. －－TAO LINA, A DOCTOR RESEARCHING ON VACCINES FOR 12 YEARS
WS5e530af8a310128217279a03	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e530af8a310128217279a03.html	2020-02-24	Seafood can spread novel coronavirus?	[Photo/VCG] Rumors said seafood can spread novel coronavirus. However, the fact is novel coronavirus has no connection with seafood, and seafood won't transmit the virus, according to Huang Jianrong, deputy director in the Department of Infectious Diseases at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University. People can eat seafood and go to seafood markets, but should avoid contact with wild animals.
WS5e52cc77a3101282172799bd	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/24/WS5e52cc77a3101282172799bd.html	2020-02-24	IMF official: coronavirus global impact to be 'short-lived'	[Photo/Agencies] China's economy would return to normal in the second quarter following the novel coronavirus outbreak, whose impact on the global economy would be "relatively minor and short-lived", a top International Monetary Fund official said on Saturday, as a senior Chinese banker also estimated the effect to be "temporary". "The Chinese authorities are working to mitigate the negative impact on the economy, with crisis measures, liquidity provision, fiscal measures, and financial support," IMF Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva said at the Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors Meeting of the Group of 20 in Riyadh. The IMF chief said she had talked with Chinese central banker Yi Gang and other senior officials, assuring them of the global lender's support to China's policy measures. The meeting in Saudi Arabia is set to discuss risks of COVID-19 to the global economy. The strain had claimed the lives of 2,442 people on the Chinese mainland, where confirmed cases had reached 76,936 by the end of Saturday. Earlier this month, Georgieva said the IMF was gathering data to assess the full impact of the coronavirus outbreak in China, but hopes to see a "V-shaped" recovery. On Saturday, the Bulgarian economist said the IMF is still learning about how the complex virus spreads, and "the uncertainties are too great to permit reliable forecasting". IMF Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva arrives for a welcome dinner at Saudi Arabia Murabba Palace, during the G20 meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia February 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Many scenarios can play out, depending on how quickly the virus is contained and how fast the Chinese and other affected economies return to normal, she said. "In our current baseline scenario, announced policies are implemented and China's economy would return to normal in the second quarter," she said. "As a result, the impact on the world economy would be relatively minor and short-lived." Growth of the world's second largest economy would be 5.6 percent in 2020, which is 0.4 percentage point lower than predicted in IMF's World Economic Outlook in January, according to Georgieva. Global growth would be 3.2 percent, about 0.1 percentage point lower, she said. "But we are also looking at more dire scenarios where the spread of the virus continues for longer and more globally, and the growth consequences are more protracted," she cautioned. Chen Yulu, deputy governor of the People's Bank of China, China's central bank, said the novel coronavirus contagion has exerted some "downward pressure" on China's economy, with transportation, tourism and offline shopping bearing the brunt, but it will not last long. "Supported by a resilient economy and ample room for policy adjustments, the People's Bank of China expects a quick recovery after the outbreak is contained," Chen said in an article posted on the bank's website on Sunday. The article was earlier published in the Financial Times. The central bank, with other financial regulators, rolled out 30 policy measures to support enterprises heavily affected by the epidemic, particularly small and micro ones, private enterprises and the manufacturing sector. It has also provided 300 billion yuan ($42.8 billion) in special central bank lending to large banks and selected local banks in Hubei and other severely hit provinces, with credit support at preferential interest rates going to manufacturers of essential medical supplies and daily necessities, Chen wrote. Chen noted that the central bank will continue to implement the financial policies designed to support epidemic prevention and control efforts and facilitate a post-epidemic economic recovery. Such policies include strengthening counter cyclical adjustment of monetary policy, adopting structural monetary policy instruments when necessary, and ensuring stable functioning of the financial markets, according to Chen. A latest survey on 399 companies from the United States and other APEC member economies found tax cuts and rent reduction are the two areas where companies feel the Chinese government can assist them to overcome the financial difficulties they face due to the outbreak. The survey on the extent of difficulties created by the epidemic, released by the American Chamber of Commerce in South China on Thursday, also found that regardless of the impact of the outbreak, 75 percent of the companies show high confidence in the future of China's economy and will not change their reinvestment plans.
WS5e528c98a3101282172799b9	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e528c98a3101282172799b9.html	2020-02-23	3 suspected coronavirus cases detected in Afghanistan's western Herat	HERAT, Afghanistan - Three suspected cases of coronavirus have been detected in the western Herat province, provincial governor Abdul Qayum Rahimi said Sunday. The infected persons, according to the official, returned from Qom city of Iran recently and samples of their bloods have been sent to Kabul for diagnosis. All the three are now under quarantine, the official further said. This is the first time that suspected cases of coronavirus has been reported in Afghanistan.
WS5e528b42a3101282172799b6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e528b42a3101282172799b6.html	2020-02-23	China greenlights new coronavirus detection method	Researchers subpackage 2019-nCoV detection reagents at a company in Wuqing district, North China's Tianjin municipality, Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China has approved two antibody detection reagent of novel coronavirus, a new method of detecting the disease, according to Zhong Nanshan, a prominent Chinese expert in respiratory disease, on Sunday. Speaking to a medical team sent from Guangdong to Hubei via remote consultation, Zhong said the antibody detection reagent of novel coronavirus would help increase efficiency of testing the disease. Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co, a company specialized in research and development, manufacturing and sales of rapid diagnostic reagents and related equipment, is one of the companies that has successfully developed the reagent. The antibody detection reagent, or colloidal gold method, approved by the National Medical Products Administration, was one of the first batch of novel coronavirus antibody rapid test permitted to be used on the on-site coronavirus screening. Novel coronavirus antibody detection reagent can detect both IgM and IgG, with positive result of IgM antibody indicating a recent infection, while positive result of IgG antibody signaling a longer or previous infection. Designed for qualitative detection of novel coronavirus IgM and IgG antibodies in human serum, plasma and whole blood samples, this rapid test will effectively accelerate the on-site screening for suspected patients within 15 minutes with easier operation, according to the company. Zhong, one of the leading specialists tackling the outbreak, said the testing method would be of great use to detecting novel coronavirus. It will specially help us detect very fast patients infected with the novel coronavirus in Hubei province by using the antibody detection reagent - so it will help us better discover patients with the disease, said Zhong.
WS5e5262fba310128217279986	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e5262fba310128217279986.html	2020-02-23	Authorities urge public to remain cautious as coronavirus cases fall	  Experts check protective suits for each other before entering the laboratory in Enshi, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 21, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China reported on Sunday another decline in novel coronavirus infections outside the epidemic's epicenter as health officials urged the public to stay alert amid the widening resumption of work and increased outings. The number of new cases outside Hubei province fell to 18 on Saturday, a small fraction of a high of 890 cases recorded earlier this month, Mi Feng, spokesman for the National Health Commission, said on Sunday. He added that 16 provincial-level regions reported zero new infections for two consecutive days. The sustained slowdown in the virus's spread in large areas of China has prompted an increasing number of businesses and factories to restart operation. More people are also venturing out to shopping malls and other public venues following long days of restricted movement aimed at reducing potential exposure to the virus. "While the production and lives of the public are getting back to normal, we should continue to implement prevention and control measures," he said. "The public are required to refrain from visiting facilities with large crowds, reduce nonessential trips and take effective preventive measures when leaving home." Liaoning and Gansu provinces have both announced to scale back their emergency response from the first-level to the third-level of the four-tier system. Both regions have reported a clean slate of new infections for at least five days. Lin Duo, Party secretary of Gansu, said on Saturday that lowering emergency response did not equal to loosening control measures; rather, the shift is aimed at striking a balance between fighting the virus and getting lives back on track, China National Radio reported. However, Hubei province remains the center of the outbreak. The province registered 630 new infections on Saturday, up from 366 a day earlier but still running at a relatively low level, according to the National Health Commission. Authorities in Wuhan, the provincial capital where the virus first emerged, said as of Friday, it had completed nucleic acid tests for the entire backlog that covered confirmed infections, suspected cases, close contacts and people displaying fever, following a three-day campaign to conduct door-to-door screening of all residents last week. Meanwhile, in a notice released on Saturday, the city government said patients who are cured and discharged from hospitals in Wuhan should be quarantined at designated facilities for 14 days free of charge, in a bid to stamp out transmission risks and ensure the safety of released patients as well as their family members. Nationwide, the cumulative number of infections stood at 76,936 as of Saturday, and a total of 22,888 patients have recovered and were discharged from hospitals. The mainland death toll rose by 97 to 2,442 on Saturday, with all but one fatality occurring outside Hubei in Guangdong province. Counting toward the total death rates includes frontline medical workers who had died of the novel coronavirus, such as Liu Zhiming, president of Wuhan Wuchang Hospital, and Peng Yinhua, a young doctor in Wuhan who had postponed his wedding to treat patients. On Sunday, the CPC Central Committee leading group on novel coronavirus prevention and control released a circular that ordered strengthened support and protection of medics. According to the document, subsidies of frontline medical staff in Hubei, including those with medical assistance teams from other parts of the country, will be further boosted and salaries doubled. Streamlined procedures to facilitate compensations for work-related infections will be provided. In addition, medical workers will take mandatory rest after long working hours, receive timely mental health consultations, and access free health checkups and paid vocations after the epidemic is ended. The circular stressed that demands of protective equipment at designated hospitals, fever clinics, and centralized quarantine facilities must be prioritized.
WS5e523918a310128217279962	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e523918a310128217279962.html	2020-02-23	Doctor dies from novel coronavirus in Wuhan	A 29-year-old doctor in Wuhan, Hubei province, died from the novel coronavirus on Sunday morning, according to a notice issued by the Union Jiangbei Hospital, her workplace. Xia Sisi, the doctor from the gastroenterology department, was infected with the virus at work and was hospitalized on Jan 19. Her condition worsened on Feb 7 and was transferred to the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, one of the designated hospitals for patients with serious symptoms. Despite all-out rescue efforts, Xia died at 6:30 am on Sunday, the notice said. The notice expressed deep condolences and sympathy to her family.  
WS5e5234bba31012821727995f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e5234bba31012821727995f.html	2020-02-23	Xi delivers speech on coordinating control of novel coronavirus and economic, social development	Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, delivered an important speech at a meeting on coordinating the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus pneumonia and the economic and social development on Sunday.
WS5e5230fea310128217279958	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e5230fea310128217279958.html	2020-02-23	Italian gov't unveils tougher measures against coronavirus	A woman is taken into an ambulance amid a coronavirus outbreak in northern Italy, in Casalpusterlengo, Feb 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - After hours of a special cabinet meeting, the Italian government announced toughened measures to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus on Saturday evening, by which time 79 coronavirus cases including two deaths were confirmed in the country. The government's new measures include a ban on people entering and leaving the designated areas in the worst-hit northern Italy, and the suspension of all public, business, sports and school activities and events in the areas, said Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte during a televised press conference. Conte said the containment measures will be enforced by the police and military if necessary. Health Minister Roberto Speranza said the decree empowers ministers to, for example, suspend sports events and school trips within Italy and abroad. "Isolating the positive cases is the best way to contain the epidemic," said Speranza, who issued a directive on quarantine measures that went into effect Saturday. "Regional health authorities are mandated to apply quarantine measures with active surveillance for 14 days to individuals who have had close contact with confirmed cases of COVID-19 infectious disease," the directive said. In a statement released Saturday, President Sergio Mattarella called for "the full cooperation of the entire population in following the instructions of the health authorities" while thanking Italy's medical professionals, members of the Civil Protection Department and the Armed Forces for their "abnegation and generosity in tackling and stemming the risk of the spread of the coronavirus." Of the confirmed cases in Italy, more than 70 cases and two deaths were recorded in four regions in northern Italy, of which Lombardy is worst hit with 54 infections, according to Angelo Borrelli, head of the Civil Protection Department, who is now also the government's commissioner for the coronavirus emergency. Earlier on Saturday, 19 Italians returned by flight from a quarantined cruise ship in Japan and were transferred to a military facility near Rome, where they are put under 14 days of medical observation, press reports said. In Rome, the Lazzaro Spallanzani National Institute for Infectious Diseases (INMI), from which a patient was discharged Saturday after recovery, said in a medical bulletin that the clinical conditions of an old Chinese couple or the two cases recorded in the Lazio region "are improving continuously and progressively," and the husband has tested negative. The Chinese tourist couple fell ill during their visit to Rome and have been hospitalized since the end of January for coronavirus infection. On Jan 31, Italy declared a national state of emergency and allocated 5 million euros (5.4 million US dollars) for coping with the coronavirus situation.
WS5e521d1da31012821727993d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e521d1da31012821727993d.html	2020-02-23	First novel coronavirus vaccines begin animal testing	Test tube with Corona virus name label is seen in this illustration taken on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The first batch of vaccines against the novel coronavirus has produced antibodies and undergone animal testing, an official of Zhejiang province's Science and Technology Department in East China said at a news conference on Sunday. Song Zhiheng, deputy director of the department, said the recombinant adenovirus vaccine has begun cultivating recombinant virus and entered animal trials recently. Virus filtering in Zhejiang province has stepped into the fourth generation, "but we should be aware that since vaccine development takes a long cycle, we must respect scientific rules and conduct careful and safe research," Song said. Westlake University and the provincial biology laboratory successfully resolved the receptor of coronavirus by applying cryo-electron microscopy, a technique performed on cryogenically cooled samples and embedded in an environment of vitreous water. The scientific breakthrough also was announced at the news conference. A laboratory under Westlake University, a private university cultivating high-level talent in advanced technology, disclosed the structure of the ACE2 receptor, the channel for novel coronavirus to enter cells, under cryo-electron microscopy in a paper released on Friday. The results play an important role in finding and optimizing the inhibitor that stops viruses from entering cells, the university said.
WS5e51e787a3101282172798d9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e51e787a3101282172798d9.html	2020-02-23	China's newly recovered coronavirus patients outnumber new infections for 5th consecutive day	Medical workers attend to a patient infected with the novel coronavirus pneumonia in Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Feb 22, 2020. [Photo by Ke Hao/For chinadaily.com.cn] BEIJING - China's daily number of newly cured and discharged novel coronavirus patients has surpassed that of new confirmed infections for the fifth consecutive day, according to the National Health Commission Sunday. Saturday saw 2,230 people walk out of hospital after recovery, much higher than the number of the same day's new confirmed infections, which was 648, figures from the commission showed. A total of 22,888 patients infected with the novel coronavirus had been discharged from hospital after recovery by the end of Saturday, according to the commission.
WS5e51e043a3101282172798cc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e51e043a3101282172798cc.html	2020-02-23	2 dead, 79 infected in Italy amid coronavirus outbreak	A school, which was closed by authorities due to a coronavirus outbreak, is seen in Codogno, Italy, Feb 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Cases of the new coronavirus in Italy, the most affected country in Europe, rose on Saturday to nearly 80, killing two people and prompting the government to close off the worst hit areas in the northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto. Authorities in the two regions, where the outbreak is concentrated, have cancelled sports events, including three top league soccer games, and closed schools and universities. Companies from Ray-Ban owner Luxottica to the country's top bank UniCredit have told workers living in the affected areas to stay home. Lombardy and Veneto represent Italy's industrial heart and jointly account for 30% of gross domestic output. With an emergency decree passed at a meeting in the headquarters of Italy's civil protection agency, the government adopted special powers to be able to stop people leaving or entering the worst impacted zones. Competent ministers will also be able to halt sports events and school trips outside those areas. Italy's first victim was a 76-year-old woman who was found dead at her home 50 km (30 miles) south of Milan on Thursday and tested positive for the coronavirus. A 78-year-old man died of the infection in a hospital near Padua on Friday night. The man's wife and daughter are among 17 people infected by the coronavirus in the Veneto region, where authorities are considering suspending Carnival of Venice events currently taking place. There are 54 cases in nearby Lombardy, including a man currently at San Raffaele hospital in Milan. The city, where Women's Fashion Week is underway, has a population of 1.4 million. Fashion designer Giorgio Armani said his fashion show on Sunday would take place in an empty theatre without any press or buyers present to safeguard their health. Milan's prosecutors office said it would not reopen on Monday and remain closed until further notice. Organisers of the world's biggest eyewear trade fair, MIDO, on Saturday postponed to the end of May the event which had been due to take place in Milan in a week. Small town at heart of outbreak The outbreak originated in Codogno, a small town southeast of Milan where Lombardy's first infected patient, a 38-year-old man now in stable condition, was treated. "All those who have tested positive are people who on Feb 18-19 had contacts with the emergency room and the hospital of Codogno," Regional Health Councillor Giulio Gallera said, adding 259 people had been screened in the area in the past two days and 35 had tested positive. "A contagion rate of 13% is quite strong," he said. Some 50,000 residents in Codogno and nine nearby towns have been advised to remain indoors. Public gatherings including Sunday church services and football matches have been suspended, and schools and shops have been closed. Similar measures were adopted in the small Veneto town of Vo' Euganeo where the male victim lived, and in other places. Conte said further school shutdowns outside the outbreak epicentre would be up to local authorities. Italy was the first euro zone country to suspend all direct flights to and from China, after two Chinese tourists from the badly hit city of Wuhan tested positive in Rome in late January. The Chinese tourists and an Italian national repatriated from Wuhan were the only three cases in Italy until Friday. Reuters
WS5e51d5dda3101282172798c0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e51d5dda3101282172798c0.html	2020-02-23	ROK reports 123 new coronavirus cases, fourth death	  A confirmed coronavirus patient is wheeled to a hospital at Chuncheon, the Republic of Korea, February 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] * National cases rises to 556 from 443 a day earlier * Fourth ROK coronavirus patient dies - KCDC * Catholic churches in Daegu, Gwangju suspend services SEOUL - The Republic of Korea reported 123 new confirmed coronavirus cases and a fourth death from the virus, taking total infections to 556, the Korea Centers for Disease and Control and Prevention (KCDC) said on Sunday. More than half the additional cases were found to be linked to a Shincheonji Church of Jesus congregation in the southeastern city of Daegu after a 61-year-old woman known as "Patient 31" who attended services at the church tested positive for the virus last week. The woman had no recent record of overseas travel. ROK's earlier cases were linked to China but the new infections centre on Daegu, a city of about 2.5 million, and a hospital in Cheongdo, a county with about 43,000 people. In response to the recent sharp rise in cases, KCDC designated both the city of Daegu and Cheongdo county as "special care zones" on Friday. Since the first outbreak on January 20, four have died from the virus in the ROK. The fourth patient who died on Sunday was a 57-year-old man who was at the Cheongdo hospital, according to KCDC. A day earlier, nine of the 39 ROK Catholics who had gone on a pilgrimage to Israel earlier this month were confirmed to have been infected with the virus. Catholic churches in the cities of Daegu and Gwangju and elsewhere have suspended mass and other gatherings. The coronavirus was first reported in China and has spread to more than two dozen countries. Chinese mainland has reported 76,936 cases and 2,442 deaths, according to data through Saturday. Agencies
WS5e51c63aa3101282172798b3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/23/WS5e51c63aa3101282172798b3.html	2020-02-23	630 new novel coronavirus cases reported in Hubei	A doctor informs recovered patients of the dos and don'ts after they are discharged from a Fang Cang makeshift hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Yuan Zheng/for chinadaily.com.cn] Hubei province, which is at the heart of the country's novel coronavirus outbreak, reported 630 new confirmed cases on Saturday, including 32 cases from a prison, bringing the total number up to 64,084, according to the province's health commission. As of Saturday midnight, the new virus has claimed 2,346 lives in the province, and 96 died that day, according to data released by the commission on Sunday morning. In Wuhan city, the epicenter, the number of confirmed cases saw an increase of 541 on Saturday, rising to 46,201 in total, including 1,856 deaths, according to the commission. It's followed by Xiaogan and Huanggang, with the number of confirmed cases in the two cities climbing to 3,443 and 2,904, respectively, the commission said, adding that the number in prison stood at a total of 253 as of Saturday midnight. Five prefecture-level regions in the province reported zero new confirmed cases on Saturday, it added. The province also reported 1,742 new recovery cases on the same day. By the end of Saturday, 15,299 patients in the province had been released from the hospital after recovery, according to the commission. A total of 40,127 people sickened by the virus are still under medical treatment in the province, including 8,583 people with serious symptoms and 1,845 in critical condition, the commission said. Health authorities in the province have traced 234,217 people who had close contact with patients, with 62,787 still under medical observation, according to the commission.
WS5e50e646a3101282172797f2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/22/WS5e50e646a3101282172797f2.html	2020-02-22	China's Liaoning, Gansu lower coronavirus response level	Cured patients pose for a group photo with medical workers at the Sixth People's Hospital of Shenyang in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, Feb 9, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] LANZHOU/SHENYANG -- The two Chinese provinces of Liaoning and Gansu have lowered their emergency response from first-level to third-level after having reported no new coronavirus case. The northwestern province of Gansu switched to the third-level response Friday after reporting no new cases for the fourth day in a row. The province has so far registered 91 confirmed cases and two deaths. Liaoning lowered the response level Saturday morning, the fifth day without reports of new cases. The northeastern province has reported 121 confirmed cases and one death. The two provinces now place their cities and counties in three risk groups that correspond to different epidemic prevention measures. Since late January, all provincial-level regions on the Chinese mainland have activated top-level emergency responses to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), canceling mass events, closing scenic attractions and suspending long-distance buses. The National Health Commission (NHC) said Friday that the epidemic has shown a positive trend on the Chinese mainland, indicating that the outbreak is under control. Figures including new confirmed cases across the country, new confirmed cases outside Hubei province, and new confirmed cases in Wuhan, epicenter of the outbreak, as well as in other places of Hubei, have all been dropping gradually, said Zeng Yixin, deputy director of the NHC, at a press conference. The daily number of new confirmed cases nationwide dropped from the peak of 15,152 on Feb 12 to less than 900 on Thursday, he said. The number of new confirmed cases outside Hubei was 258 on Thursday, down from the peak of 890 on Feb 3. The total number of suspected cases has also dropped nationwide. The number of newly reported suspected cases outside Hubei had dropped from the peak of 2,211 on Feb 6 to Thursday's 335. In addition, no new confirmed cases were reported as of Thursday in 14 provincial-level regions and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps. Tibet autonomous region in Southwest China has reported zero new confirmed cases since Jan 30 and Qinghai province in the northwest has reported no new cases in more than two weeks.
WS5e50df1fa3101282172797ec	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/22/WS5e50df1fa3101282172797ec.html	2020-02-22	How lessons from SARS have taught us how to fight coronavirus	A recovered patient is discharged from hospital in Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui autonomous region, Feb 20, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] My first thought was that this was SARS all over again. I had lived through SARS and knew that China's government leaders had the experience and its people the resolve and wherewithal to overcome this. My first impression was that they would be able to control the coronavirus quickly and end the crisis. However, as the coronavirus spread, I began to suspect that this was something much bigger, more dangerous and requiring huge resources to get control over the situation. China’s challenge was not only to prevent the spread from affecting its own people. It was a global challenge that only China could meet on behalf of the world. As control measures kicked in, I began to reflect back on the years when we were fighting SARS. It was just under two decades ago. I will never forget, when SARS broke in 2003 I was with Yang Liping in Kunming for the first dress rehearsal of her Yunnan Impressions music and dance performance. As film director, I was recording the event. Then after the dress rehearsal, authorities told us that the rehearsals would have to be suspended due to SARS and we were all disappointed at the time, but understood the seriousness of the situation. Yang went back to Dali and I went back to Beijing to be with my family. We lived through the whole crisis. Wang Qishan returned to Beijing to become mayor and I knew this was a good thing. Each day he gave regular news conferences and reports to the media with total transparency. Regardless of how serious a crisis, this kind of transparency and regular communication with the public is very important to achieve collective cooperation and unity in fighting for a single and shared cause. I see this same approach being adopted by the leadership throughout the coronavirus. And yes, it is working once again. Imagine a country of 1.4 billion people all working in unity to overcome a single challenge. That cannot be done without government accountability and direct daily communication with people at all levels from top all the way down to the lady in the neighborhood committee who comes to your door. It is a massive combined effort and I believe that China's ability to respond to this crisis with such decisiveness derives from the experience with SARS and other challenges in many different forms over these years of economic opening-up and social transformation. In 2002-2003, SARS transformed us all in China. In the old days people were worried about economics and business. They were rushing to get ahead and forgot about a lot of other things. SARS made everybody take a breath. Systems of urban sewage, garbage collection and controls over restaurants and kitchen cleanliness all became the new normal. People all began washing hands and toilets began to be treated as important infrastructure. However, still we were rushing. Huge infrastructure investment in the hard things that we need -- roads, rails, connectivity -- all took precedence over other areas like environment and healthcare. Hospitals have become overcrowded and doctors overworked. These are areas that will need to be reformed and upgraded with the same kind of infrastructure investment and focus on improvement that the core infrastructure received earlier. This is a softer infrastructure but one that is equally important. The coronavirus brings all of this into new focus and I am certain when the National People's Congress meets later this spring it will propose a lot of healthcare and medical reforms. These areas need attention and I am sure that they will get it and China will excel in integrating new technologies like 5G. Regardless of whether the Americans try to stop 5G, I am certain that China will adopt this technology to systems internally like medical and environment and move faster ahead than America in these areas in the decade ahead! Of course China can overcome the economic throwback of the coronavirus crisis. I can say this with confidence at my age, having lived through many crisis situations in China and other parts of Asia where I have worked. Each crisis creates new resolve. The strength of the Chinese people lies in their culture and the natural resiliency that is part of that culture. Taoism is about change. Buddhism is about seeing past-present-future simultaneously and being able to turn negative situations into positive by realizing that everything is about how something is perceived. Confucianism gives Chinese people the organizational capability to respond to any situation and crisis and the longitudinal and latitudinal matrix of organization to respond to any situation and crisis. These are three aspects of the Chinese collective unconscious that are ever-present in everyone in China always and that is a resilience that no Western country or people have. Yes, first quarter growth will be low, maybe 1 percent. Second quarter may not be much better. But just wait, just wait and watch the growth and transformation that will occur when this crisis passes and the government comes in with new fiscal programs for the development of healthcare and environmental sectors, leading to a new surge of more jobs and more opportunities. Remember one thing. Never, ever, ever underestimate the resilience of the Chinese people and the organizational capability of their government to meet a challenge face on. I am not saying this as a theory. I have seen and lived this throughout my own four decades in this country. And I am seeing it again.  Laurence Brahm is a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization, founding director of the Himalayan Consensus and co-chair of the Silk-Spice Road Dialogues. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e4f6c2da3101282172794d3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/22/WS5e4f6c2da3101282172794d3.html	2020-02-22	Doctor on front line dies from coronavirus	A doctor from Wuhan, Hubei province, who postponed his wedding ceremony to help treat patients with the novel coronavirus, has died of the virus himself. Peng Yinhua, 29, who had worked at the First People's Hospital of Jiangxia District, died of respiratory failure on Thursday. The doctor and his pregnant wife had planned to have their wedding ceremony on Feb 1. Though they had registered their marriage two years ago, it is common in China to celebrate the wedding later on a special date. But in January, when Wuhan became the center of the virus outbreak, Peng offered to return to treat patients, and put his wedding ceremony on hold. On Jan 24, the eve of Chinese New Year, his colleagues let him rest at home and spend more time with his wife. He declined, saying he was young and should take over more work from other colleagues. He treated more than 150 patients a day, Huanqiu.com reported. The next day he felt unwell and was hospitalized. On Jan 30, he tested positive for the virus and was sent to a designated hospital for treatment, but his condition worsened around Feb 10. Zhong Xin, Peng's wife, told The-Paper.cn that her husband was a great doctor, as well as a hero. "His parents are quite emotional now and I will take care of our baby and raise him or her up in good health," Zhong said in a trembling voice. Ling Yun, a nurse at the Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital, who had been taking care of him, said on her Sina Weibo that Peng had always been positive. "However, around Feb 10, his lungs developed acidosis and his kidneys needed dialysis. We used plasma therapy but things didn't get better," she said. "He was too young, only 29 years old. We had always believed that he would recover... I am sorry to see what happened to him and hope his unborn baby will grow up healthy and happy."
WS5e5080aba310128217279724	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/22/WS5e5080aba310128217279724.html	2020-02-22	S. Korea reports 142 more cases of novel coronavirus	A woman wearing a mask to prevent contracting the coronavirus rides on a subway in Seoul, South Korea, February 20, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL — South Korea has reported 142 new cases of a viral outbreak, bringing the country's total to 346. Of the 142, 131 are from the fourth-largest city of Daegu and nearby regions, most of them linked to a church and a hospital in Cheongdo county. Daegu has emerged as the latest front in the widening global fight against COVID-19, with the city's 2.5 million residents urged to stay inside, wearing masks even indoors to stem further infection. Mayor Kwon Young-jin made a nationally televised appeal Friday for those preventative measures, warning that a rash of new cases could overwhelm the health system. He pleaded for help from the country’s central government. Two patients from the Cheongdo hospital have died after being infected with the virus causing COVID-19. South Korea has become the newest front in a global outbreak, reporting Friday that 204 people had been infected, quadruple the number of cases it had two days earlier. Schools were shuttered Friday, churches told worshipers to stay away and some mass gatherings were banned. --AP
WS5e5067faa310128217279701	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/22/WS5e5067faa310128217279701.html	2020-02-22	Recycled subway tickets can transmit novel coronavirus?	[Photo/VCG] The major routes of transmission are still through respiratory droplets and direct contact, so it's highly unlikely that recycled subway tickets are contaminated with the virus, according to Feng Luzhao, an analyst from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Wearing a mask and keeping your hands clean are effective ways to prevent viral infections in daily life. Besides, when going out on the subway, people are encouraged to use a personal transportation card or pay for the ticket via an app. After taking public transportation, washing hands is necessary.
WS5e5044b3a3101282172796af	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/22/WS5e5044b3a3101282172796af.html	2020-02-22	CDC says 34 coronavirus cases confirmed in US	Employees in scrubs walk on the campus at Providence Regional Medical Center in Everett, Washington, US, Jan 21, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] At least 34 people in the United States are infected with the COVID-19 coronavirus, and US officials are working with state and local health departments to prepare for a possible pandemic, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said Friday. The 34 include 13 separate US cases and 21 repatriated individuals -- 18 from the Diamond Princess cruise ship docked in Japan and three evacuated from Wuhan, the epic center of the disease in China, the CDC said. Another 10 passengers from the Diamond Princess tested positive in Japan but aren’t counted among the 18 because the CDC said it has yet to confirm their tests. The disease has killed at least 2,249 people and sickened more than 76,700 worldwide, the CDC said Friday. The CDC said on Friday that it will change the way it reports on cases in America. It will separate those who have been repatriated from other countries to the US and those whose infections occurred on home soil. The US repatriated 329 Americans this week from the Diamond Princess. Several American passengers onboard are still being treated in Japan, the CDC said. The number of cases in America is expected to rise based on infections developed on that ship. Despite the increase in numbers, Dr Nancy Messonnier, director of the CDC’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, said at a news briefing on Friday that it isn’t detecting spread of the virus in US communities. One person in Humboldt County, California, tested positive, authorities there reported Thursday. That person had traveled to China, the CDC said. Messonnier said the CDC is expanding its surveillance for the disease, however, and preparing for the possibility that Covid-19 could spread more widely in the US. "This new virus represents a tremendous public health threat," she said. "Our goal continues to be slowing the introduction of the virus into the US. This buys us more time to prepare communities for more cases and possibly sustained spread.” Messonnier said the CDC is working with supply chain partners, hospitals, pharmacies and manufacturers to understand what medical supplies are needed. "This will help CDC understand when we may need to take more aggressive measures to ensure that healthcare workers on the front lines have access to the supplies that they need,” she said. "We are reviewing all of our pandemic materials and adapting them to COVID-19”. Messonnier also suggested US may also close schools and businesses as virus-stricken areas in China did to contain the virus. "The day may come where we may need to implement such measures in this country,” she said. Meanwhile, test kits to detect the coronavirus developed by the CDC but found to be faulty won’t be ready for use by states nationwide until mid-March. The setback means that local laboratories in US states won’t be able to run their own tests for COVID-19, while they wait for the tests kits to be remanufactured and will have to send the samples to the CDC in Atlanta instead. The CDC had initially sent 200 kits to laboratories across the US and roughly 200 more to labs in more than 30 other countries. The kits were able to test about 700 to 800 specimens from patients. But after receiving the tests, the labs reported that the tests bought back inconclusive results. Only three out of 100 public laboratories can use the tests, according to the Association of Public Health Laboratories. The Illinois Department of Public Health has confirmed that it is one of those labs. The 13 US cases include seven in California, one in Massachusetts, one in Washington state, one in Arizona, two in Illinois and one in Wisconsin. Among those cases, there are two instances of person-to-person transmission, one in Illinois and one in California. Reuters contributed to this article
WS5e500d85a31012821727969f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/22/WS5e500d85a31012821727969f.html	2020-02-22	World must act fast to contain coronavirus, says WHO's Tedros	Director-General of the World Health Organization Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus attends a news conference on the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Geneva, Switzerland, Feb 6, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The window of opportunity to contain wider international spread of the epidemic of the new coronavirus disease is closing, the World Health Organization (WHO) warned on Friday, and countries must act fast if they are to control it. Asked whether the outbreak is at a "tipping point" after new cases and deaths from COVID-19 were reported in Iran and Lebanon, the WHO's director-general, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said he still believed the virus could be contained, but added: "The window of opportunity is narrowing, so we need to act quickly before it closes completely. "This outbreak could go in any direction," Tedros said. "If we do well, we can avert any serious crisis, but if we squander the opportunity then we will have a serious problem on our hands." REUTERS
WS5e4fdcc0a31012821727966f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4fdcc0a31012821727966f.html	2020-02-21	Life in Beijing during the novel coronavirus outbreak	Liu Wei, a volunteer in the driving team of Didi Chuxing, is on his way to help medical staff commute on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Staff members of Didi Chuxing disinfect a car on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Protective film seen in a car booked through Didi Chuxing on Feb 20, 2020, to prevent droplet transmission.[Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Cleaners disinfect a platform at Dongdan subway station on Feb 20, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A conductor is seen at the Dongdan subway station on Feb 20, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A deliveryman waits for customers to pick up parcels at the gate of a housing estate on Feb 18, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A deliveryman waits for customers' takeaway at Wangfujing on Feb 7, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A staff member at work at Beijing Railway Station on Feb 16, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Travelers seen wearing face masks and shields at Beijing South Railway Station on Feb 2, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Travelers to Beijing at Beijing South Railway Station on Feb 2, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Residents exercise at Shichahai park on Feb 9, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A resident walks her dogs in Zhonggulou Square on Feb 19, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A housing estate is under closed-off management on Feb 12, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A sculpture at Qianmen with a face mask on Feb 20, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Few people traveling during rush hour at Dongdan subway station on Feb 20, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A family looks at the inside of a shopping mall on Feb 7, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e4fc28ea310128217279634	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4fc28ea310128217279634.html	2020-02-21	Wuhan community clarifies misunderstanding on coronavirus relapse	83-year-old Yuan Youju has recovered and been discharged from Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 18. [Photo by Wang Jing/chinadaily.com.cn] Inappropriate wording in an epidemic notice released in a residential community in Wuhan misled people to believe two cured patients of the novel coronavirus pneumonia have relapsed, causing unexpected panic. According to the notice released by the Dahua residential community in Hongshan street on Thursday, "There are two newly confirmed cases and one suspected case today, all patients who have recovered from the disease." This caused panic among people, as many believe it is proof of a possible relapse of the contagious disease. In response, the community management committee released an announcement on Thursday stating it was a misunderstanding caused by wrong usage of words by the community employee in charge of updating the epidemic situation. It said the "two newly confirmed cases" mentioned in the notice are recovered NCP patients who have been discharged from hospital and are staying at home under quarantine, and the "one suspected case" is a patient who has seen improved conditions and has tested negative for the novel coronavirus two consecutive times. It said due to a change in the statistical method of counting, the employee in question included in the daily update the three cases, which were not calculated previously, "to make the statistics more complete". The committee apologized for the negative impact the mistake had caused. According to experts, cured NCP patients are advised to stay home for a 14-day isolation period after getting discharged from the hospital in case of a relapse. According to media reports, a recovered NCP patient in Chengdu, Sichuan province was found to have relapsed on Feb 19. The person saw a positive test for the virus during the 10th day of home isolation after recovering from the disease. The news has been confirmed by the province's health authority.
WS5e4f960ba3101282172795d8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f960ba3101282172795d8.html	2020-02-21	The novel coronavirus can invade the body through skin?	[Photo/VCG] A rumor claims that the novel coronavirus can enter a person's body through the skin. In fact, the novel coronavirus is unlikely to enter the human body through the skin. It is mainly spread through respiratory droplets and direct contact with a carrier.  Washing your hands properly and frequently is an effective way to avoid virus transmission, according to Zhou Qi, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
WS5e4f954ea3101282172795ca	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f954ea3101282172795ca.html	2020-02-21	Positive signs in data for novel coronavirus pneumonia	With four drops and one increase in the data for the novel coronavirus pneumonia, positive signs have emerged, with more good news expected.
WS5e4f8e49a310128217279597	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f8e49a310128217279597.html	2020-02-21	Amid Japan coronavirus fears, hundreds leave quarantined ship, Tokyo scraps public events	  Workers in protective gear assist a passenger in a face mask after she leaves the coronavirus-hit cruise ship Diamond Princess at Daikoku Pier Cruise Terminal in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, Japan, Feb 21, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Hundreds of Japanese and foreign passengers were set to disembark from a coronavirus-hit cruise ship near Tokyo on Friday amid growing disquiet in Japan about whether the government was doing enough to stop the virus spreading. The departure of more than 400 passengers from the Diamond Princess after weeks in quarantine comes as the US Centers for Disease Control (CDC) issued a low-level travel advisory for Japan. In a bid to contain the virus, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government said it would either cancel or postpone major indoor events it has sponsored for the next three weeks. More than 600 aboard the cruise liner, quarantined off Yokohama since arriving on Feb 3 carrying 3,700 people, have been infected with the virus. Two of them - both Japanese in their 80s - died on Thursday, and about 100 passengers will be transferred ashore in coming days for further quarantine because they were in close quarters with infected travellers. Around Japan, more than 80 people have tested positive for the virus, including three more confirmed on Friday in the northern island of Hokkaido. Two are brothers in elementary school, recovering in hospital, with the third a quarantine officer, Hokkaido's governor said at a briefing. The mounting cases - particularly the high rate of infection on the cruise liner - have stoked concerns about Japan's quarantine practices. The virus has killed more than 2,200 in the Chinese mainland so far. At a briefing on Friday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga faced questions about why one of the liner passengers who died - an 84-year-old woman - was not tested or transferred to a hospital until a week after she developed a fever. "The woman was removed from the ship on the 12th after the fever continued for days," he said. "A decision was made not to wait for the test results before moving her to hospital to protect the health of those remaining on the ship." Reuters
WS5e4f7970a31012821727952f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f7970a31012821727952f.html	2020-02-21	BRI projects not affected by coronavirus, official says	The cooperative development of BRI projects has been stable with no large-scale project delays. [Photo/Sipa] China has been making enhanced efforts to ensure that projects related to the Belt and Road Initiative remain on track while strengthening epidemic prevention, said the Ministry of Commerce. Since the epidemic broke out, the cooperative development of BRI projects has been stable with no large-scale project delays, said Chu Shijia, director-general of the ministry's comprehensive department. To prevent possible infection caused by the novel coronavirus outbreak, the government has asked companies either to delay or cut the number of overseas trips and long-term assignments for their employees, before the country officially announces the epidemic has ended, said Li. He added that the government and business associations have urged companies operating overseas to prepare enough protective materials and make emergency plans, as well as keep close communication with the host countries to facilitate the entry of project personnel and the clearance of equipment and materials. The subsidiaries of China's centrally-administered State-owned enterprises have also been informed not to send any staff to foreign countries for business trips or long-term assignments. Only central SOEs' headquarters can make such decisions. Chinese companies have already resumed their work in markets participating in the BRI development. China Railway Construction Corp, one of the country's two biggest rail construction contractors by revenue, reported that it had successfully installed the main steel frame of Lusail Stadium earlier this week for Qatar's World Cup in 2022, in the coastal city of Qatar.
WS5e4f713ea3101282172794ec	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f713ea3101282172794ec.html	2020-02-21	Japan rejects London's offer to take over Tokyo 2020 Olympics amid coronavirus fears	Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga speaks at a news conference in Tokyo, Sept 11, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] Japan has brushed off London's offer to host the 2020 Olympics if the outbreak of the coronavirus forced the games to be moved from Tokyo, insisting the games would open as planned on July 24. "We will move forward preparations for hosting a safe and secure Olympics," Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga was quoted as saying by Tokyo-based Kyodo News at a press conference on Friday morning. The assurance comes as a response to an offer from London's mayoral candidate Shaun Bailey for the Conservative Party, proposing to take over the Olympics. The proposal was later supported by Mayor Sadiq Khan. "London can host the #Olympics in 2020," Bailey tweeted on Wednesday. "Given the ongoing disruption caused by the coronavirus outbreak, I urge the Olympic Committee to seriously consider how London could stand ready to host the Olympics should the need arise," Bailey said in a statement. "We have the infrastructure and the experience, and if I am elected I will make sure London is ready to host the biggest sporting celebration again if we are called on in an hour of need," he said. CBS reports a spokesperson of the London Mayor said in a statement they're willing to do it if the "unlikely" opportunity presents itself. "Everyone is working towards what will be a fantastic Tokyo games. In the unlikely event that it is required, London, as it has done throughout history, will do its best to step up to the plate." Giant Olympic Rings are installed at the waterfront area, with the Rainbow Bridge in the background, ahead of an official inauguration ceremony, six months before the opening of the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympic Games, at Odaiba Marine Park in Tokyo, Jan 17, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Tokyo 2020 organizers: Continue collaborating with organizations to monitor the disease "Tokyo 2020 will continue to collaborate with all relevant organizations which carefully monitor any incidence of infectious diseases and we will review any countermeasures that may be necessary with all relevant organizations," the Tokyo 2020 organizing committee said in an e-mailed statement. The Tokyo Olympic organizing committee and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) have repeatedly said over the last few weeks that they are following the advice of the World Health Organization (WHO) and that the games will go on. The IOC and local organizers maintain their initial stance that there are no plans to cancel or postpone the Olympics. This has only happened during wartime. The Olympics in 1980 and 1984 were held despite boycotts. FILE PHOTO: Summer sunshine is seen through Olympic rings displayed at Nihonbashi district in Tokyo, Aug 5, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] WHO: Not sure about the Olympics Earlier in the week, Japanese public health expert Shigeru Omi, head of the Japan Community Health Care Organization, and former regional director of the WHO, said he could not be sure about the Olympics. "Whether the outbreak will last until the Olympic date or not depends upon the virus and the societal effort and joint international community," he said at a news conference. "Nobody can predict whether we can contain the virus or put an end to this outbreak before the Olympics start. That's anybody's guess." Toyko's 2020 Olympic Games mascots Miraitowa and Someity attend a ceremony celebrating their promotional tour of Europe at Haneda airport in Tokyo, Feb 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Japanese virologist: Maybe a different situation in July A Japanese virologist on February 19 said if the Tokyo Olympics were tomorrow, the games probably couldn't be held because of the fast-spreading virus. "We need to find the best way to have a safe Olympics," Dr. Hitoshi Oshitani said, speaking at the Foreign Correspondents Club of Japan. "Right now, we don't have an effective strategy, and I think it may be difficult to have the Olympics (now). But by the end of July we may be in a different situation." Oshitani, a former adviser with the WHO who worked on the SARS outbreak almost 20 years ago, was hopeful but sowed some uncertainty about the Olympics. "I'm not sure (of) the situation in Japan at the end of July," he said, answering in English. "But probably we will not have large outbreaks in Japan in July." Virus limits next Tokyo Olympic test event to Japanese-only A test event for the Tokyo Olympics scheduled for later this month that would have involved some non-Japanese athletes is being revamped because of fear of the spreading virus. It's now limited to only Japanese athletes with the Olympics just over five months away. The two-day test event is set to open at the new Ariake Arena on February 28 and is relatively obscure. It's the first of 19 remaining test events before the Olympics are to open on July 24. They will be watched closely, as will the start of the torch relay on March 26 in Fukushima, a prefecture devastated nine years ago by an earthquake, tsunami, and the meltdown of three nuclear plant reactors. The test events may reveal what effect the spreading virus is having on Olympic preparations, and the ability of non-Japanese athletes to safely enter Japan. Olympic qualifiers and dozens of sports events across Asia have been postponed or called off, including the indoor world track and field championships in Nanjing, east China Jiangsu Province, and the Formula One race in April in Shanghai. Japan's Kyodo news agency reported Wednesday that Mongolia's archery team pulled out of a training camp in central Japan. The cancellation of Olympic qualifying events wreaks havoc with athletes waiting to advance, organizers and federations forced to find new venues — not to mention disrupting hotel reservations, airplane flights, and ticket reservations. (With input from agencies)
WS5e4f7002a3101282172794e6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f7002a3101282172794e6.html	2020-02-21	Hubei prisons add 220 more new coronavirus cases to tally	Photo taken on Feb 21 shows the gate of Wuhan women's prison in Hubei province. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Prisons in Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, added 220 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Thursday, rectifying the province's number of new confirmed cases to 631, according to a release by the province's health commission on Friday. Another 10 suspected cases were also found in the prisons. So far, the province's prisons have reported 271 confirmed cases of the coronavirus, among which 51 cases were included in the previous data. The province has 631 new confirmed cases rather than 411 announced earlier in the morning, and 1,279 new suspected infections, according to the health commission. The provincial commission rectified the total confirmed cases into 62,662 and suspected cases into 4,094 as of Thursday.
WS5e4f6c2aa3101282172794ce	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f6c2aa3101282172794ce.html	2020-02-21	TCM helps Hainan novel coronavirus patients recover	[Photo/VCG] Designated hospitals in South China's Hainan province have introduced methods integrating Western medicine with traditional Chinese medicine in diagnosing and treating novel coronavirus pneumonia patients, with TCM playing a unique role in fighting the contagion, according to TCM experts from local hospitals. "We introduced integrated treatment of Western medicine with traditional Chinese medicine in diagnosing and treating NCP patients in Hainan since the outbreak of the epidemic and TCM proves effective in quickly improving clinical symptoms and strengthening patients' resistance,"said Zhou Songjing, deputy director of the Traditional Chinese Medicine Department at Hainan Provincial People's Hospital, the largest in the tropical island province. "Each patient has different prescriptions, which were changed every two days on average according to the change in individual conditions,"Zhou said. Zhou added that doctors at the hospital adjusted the prescription at least nine times for a 64-year-old woman surnamed Gao, the first critically ill patient in Hainan who was discharged on Monday.  Gao came to Hainan on Jan 20 for the Chinese Spring Festival holiday and entered a negative-pressure isolation ward on Jan 29. More than 90 percent of patients discharged from the hospital have recovered through integrated Western medicine and TCM treatment, according to the hospital. "The effect of using traditional Chinese medicine is obvious in improving my immune system,"a 30-year-old woman surnamed Chen told a local newspaper. Chen was discharged from Hainan Provincial People's Hospital on Wednesday and was sent to a centralized isolation observation center for further medical observation for 14 days. "Based on the national diagnosis and treatment program and in line with Hainan's humid climate conditions, we have formulated three TCM diagnosis and treatment plans with Hainan characteristics," said Zhang Hanhong, deputy head of the Hainan NCP Prevention and Control Experts Group and director of the Emergency and Critical Care Department at Hainan Provincial Hospital of Chinese Medicine. He said each hospital has its own TCM expert team to work out specific treatment plans, which will be adjusted and improved in due time to cope with the continuous change of the epidemic situation on the island. Statistics from the Hainan Provincial Health Commission showed that as of Sunday, 93 percent of the 162 confirmed novel coronavirus pneumonia patients had received integrated Western and Chinese medicine treatment while 76 percent of suspected cases also received TCM treatment, apart from Western medicine methods. As of 8 am on Friday, Hainan had reported a total of 168 confirmed NCP cases and 89 have recovered and been discharged. In total, 5,679 close contacts had been traced, 4,668 removed from medical observation, with 1,011 still undergoing centralized medical observation, according to provincial health authorities.
WS5e4f69d7a3101282172794c3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f69d7a3101282172794c3.html	2020-02-21	Coronavirus: Drive launched to collect plasma	Zhang Zhengle, who has recovered from novel coronavirus infection, donates plasma at Hubei General Hospital in Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 16, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/China Daily] Twenty teams have been dispatched to 11 provincial-level regions across the country to collect plasma from people who have recovered from the novel coronavirus pneumonia, according to Xu Nanping, vice-minister of Science and Technology. He also told a Friday news conference that, as of Thursday, 100 such people have donated their plasma, which could be used to treat 240 patients in severe or critical condition, he said. He said a first batch of 11 patients in Hubei provincial capital Wuhan, including six exhibiting viremia symptom, has been treated by plasma transfusion. The six patients' viremia symptom were relieved three days after they were given the plasma. The trial of the therapy in some other regions has also showed positive signs, he added. "Generally, the therapy has achieved good results," Xu said. He also said, thanks to the ministry's month-long efforts, the collection and disposal of the plasma has been standardized. Plasma transfusion has been included as a treatment for patients in severe or critical condition in the sixth edition, the latest, of the treatment and diagnosis plan published by the National Health Commission on Wednesday. There have been mature conditions for scale application of the therapy. "We hope more patients who have recovered could donate their plasma," he said.
WS5e4f6696a3101282172794af	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f6696a3101282172794af.html	2020-02-21	Prisons in 3 provinces see surge in coronavirus cases	Photo taken on Feb 21 shows the gate of Wuhan women's prison in Hubei province. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Hubei prisons add 220 more new coronavirus cases to tally Prisons in Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, added 220 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Thursday, rectifying the province's number of new confirmed cases to 631, according to a release by the province's health commission on Friday. Another 10 suspected cases were also found in the prisons. So far, the province's prisons have reported 271 confirmed cases of the coronavirus, among which 51 cases were included in the previous data. The province has 631 new confirmed cases rather than 411 announced earlier in the morning, and 1,279 new suspected infections, according to the health commission. The provincial commission rectified the total confirmed cases into 62,662 and suspected cases into 4,094 as of Thursday. Prisons in Shandong, Zhejiang see surge in coronavirus cases East China's Shandong province reported 202 new cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia on Feb 20, with 200 cases from a prison in Jining, according to a news release held by the Information Office of the Shandong Provincial People's Government on Friday. Xie Weijun, head of Shandong Provincial Department of Justice, was removed from his post due to negligent prevention and control work at the prison. Among the 200 patients, 125 are mild cases and 75 are ordinary patients. The province is sparing no efforts to cure the patients, including building a special hospital. The suspected cases and those who had contact with confirmed patients are under quarantine for further medical tests. In East China's Zhejiang, both the warden and the political commissar of a local prison were sacked from their posts after a novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak infected 34 prisoners, according to the local authorities on Friday. The Shilifeng Prison, located in Quzhou in western Zhejiang, reported 27 new confirmed cases on Friday, bringing the total number of infected prisoners up to 34. The prison has been put under closed management and all the prisoners who had been confirmed with the infection are under medical treatment, with suspected cases and those who had contact with confirmed patients under isolation. Local police have launched an investigation into a prison policeman who was involved in the outbreak.
WS5e4f606ba31012821727949c	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f606ba31012821727949c.html	2020-02-21	S. Korea confirms 52 more cases of novel coronavirus, 156 in total	  Workers from a disinfection service company sanitize a street in Daegu, South Korea, February 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea on Friday confirmed 52 more cases of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), raising the total number of infections to 156. As of 9:00 am local time (0000GMT Friday), the number of infected patients totaled 156, up 52 from the previous day. The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) has updated the figure twice a day at 10:00 am and 5:00 pm local time. Of the new patients, 41 were in the city of Daegu, about 300 km southeast of the capital Seoul, and its surrounding North Gyeongsang province. The number of COVID-19 infections increased sharply in just three days, after 20 new cases were reported on Wednesday and 53 more cases reported on Thursday. Most of the new cases in recent days were linked to church services in Daegu. Of the 52 new patients, 39 attended the same church services. Since Jan 3, the country has tested more than 14,000 people, among whom 11,953 tested negative for the COVID-19 virus and 2,707 were being checked.
WS5e4f449fa31012821727940b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f449fa31012821727940b.html	2020-02-21	Nagoya Women's Marathon restricted to elite runners over coronavirus	TOKYO - The Nagoya Women's Marathon on March 8 will be limited to elite runners, and the Nagoya City Marathon scheduled for the same day has been cancelled, organisers said, marking the latest sports events to be affected by fears over the novel coronavirus. The events were to be held together and were expected to attract about 40,000 runners. Organisers said they were concerned that would create crowded areas with close contact between runners and spectators. Japan has been gripped by fears over the virus since the Diamond Princess cruise ship, which was quarantined off Yokohama for two weeks until Wednesday, became the subject of intense media attention, and as infections rose in other parts of the country. More than 600 people became infected on the ship and two had died as of Thursday. "Much to our regret, we reached a conclusion that it is extremely difficult to stage a safe and secure event that all runners can participate without worries," Nagoya Women's Marathon 2020 said in a statement on its website. "Therefore, the Nagoya Women's Marathon 2020 will be held only for those registered as elite athletes." The decision to restrict entry to elite runners follows a similar move by the Tokyo Marathon this week. Both are Olympic qualifying events for Japanese marathoners. Nagoya organisers said participation fees would not be refunded but that runners could take part in an "online marathon" in which they run a set distance and track it with a dedicated smartphone app. They will receive commemorative items for their race entry by mail. Reuters
WS5e4f42a3a3101282172793cb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f42a3a3101282172793cb.html	2020-02-21	London can host 2020 Games if moved over coronavirus - mayor candidate	Shaun Bailey, the Conservative candidate for mayor of the British capital. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO/LONDON - London would be ready to host the 2020 Olympics if the outbreak of the coronavirus forced the Games to be moved from Tokyo, Shaun Bailey, the Conservative candidate for mayor of the British capital, has said. London hosted the Olympics in 2012, but British officials played down the prospect of taking away the Games from Tokyo, which has been planning the event for seven years since its bid won in 2013. The novel coronavirus has had a major impact on the sporting calendar in Asia with a host of events being cancelled and postponed. With the Tokyo Games due to begin on July 24, organisers have set up a task force to coordinate with public health authorities over the epidemic. The International Olympic Committee has said it had been advised by the World Health Organization that there is no case for contingency plans to cancel or relocate the Games. In Japan, hundreds have been infected by the virus with two deaths confirmed on the Diamond Princess cruise ship off Yokohama port, sparking concerns that the world's top sporting event may not take place. Despite much of the 2012 infrastructure being repurposed to redevelop parts of east London after the Games, Bailey said the city was well placed to step in for Tokyo if needed and urged the Olympic Committee to consider the city as an alternative. "London can host the Olympics in 2020," he said on Twitter. "Given the ongoing disruption caused by the coronavirus outbreak, I urge the Olympic Committee to seriously consider how London could stand ready to host the Olympics should the need arise," Bailey said in a statement. "We have the infrastructure and the experience, and if I am elected I will make sure London is ready to host the biggest sporting celebration again, if we are called on in an hour of need," he said. TRENDING TOPIC The London mayoral election is due to take place on May 7, and Bailey is trailing in opinion polls behind the incumbent, Sadiq Khan, from the opposition Labour Party. In London, there was scepticism at Bailey's comments: sports officials said they were looking forward to the Tokyo Olympics and that London had no plans to usurp the Games. "These are the remarks of a mayoral candidate, not the remarks of Britain or even London," said one sports official. The Tokyo 2020 organising committee did not comment on Bailey's remarks. It said in an e-mailed statement that they were taking the necessary steps over the coronavirus. "Tokyo 2020 will continue to collaborate with all relevant organisations which carefully monitor any incidence of infectious diseases and we will review any countermeasures that may be necessary with all relevant organisations,” it said. Nonetheless, Bailey's comments, carried by several major Japanese media outlets, became a top trending topic on Twitter in the country with nearly 50,000 tweets on the subject. "How dare you! Don't deprive the Olympics from Japan! In the first place, the UK didn't take any remedies for the 'Diamond Princess' owned by your country!" Twitter user @Gelsomi47388050 said in English. The Diamond Princess is a UK flagged vessel owned by Carnival Corp. Another user said London would be the best back-up option. "Probably the only major city that could, facilities, hotels etc all ready & the weather would be more conducive to both competitions/spectators than Tokyo," @twose_brian also tweeted in English in reply to Bailey, tagging #LondonOlympics2020. Reuters
WS5e4f4073a3101282172793bf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f4073a3101282172793bf.html	2020-02-21	889 new coronavirus cases confirmed on Chinese mainland	Doctors check a patient's health at Leishenshan, or "Thunder God Mountain", Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province on Feb 9, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/For China Daily] New infections of the novel coronavirus on Chinese mainland were reported to be 889 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of infections up to 75,465, the National Health Commission released on Friday.  New confirmed cases in the nation outside Hubei were 258 on Thursday, up 45 over Wednesday, which means the number's 16-day consecutive decline has ended. The commission reported 118 new deaths as of Thursday midnight, bringing the death toll up to 2,236, according to the commission. Another 1,614 new suspected cases were reported, said the commission. On the same day, a total of 2,109 people had been discharged from hospital after recovery. The commission added that patients in severe condition had been reduced by 231 in the past 24 hours. And 5,206 people were suspected of being infected with the virus as of Thursday. A total of 606,037 people with close contact with patients had been traced, said the commission, adding that among them, 28,804 were discharged from medical observation. The commission said another 120,302 people with close contact with patients are still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 102 confirmed cases as of Thursday, with two deaths in Hong Kong and one death in Taiwan, according to the commission.
WS5e4f2d7ba3101282172792b4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f2d7ba3101282172792b4.html	2020-02-21	Hubei records 631 new confirmed cases of coronavirus	Medical workers inject medicine for Li Zuofan (R) at an intensive care ward of the novel coronavirus infection cases at Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, reported 631 new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus by the end of Thursday, according to the province's health commission. The commission said the total number of infections in the province was 62,662 by Thursday, of which 45,346 were in its capital Wuhan. As of Thursday, death toll from the novel coronavirus topped 2,144 in Hubei. Of them, 1,684 were in Wuhan, followed by Xiaogan with 94 deaths and Huanggang with 90 deaths. A total of 11,788 people in the province have been discharged from hospitals while 42,056 people remain hospitalized, of which 8,979 cases were in severe condition and 2018 were critically endangered. The commission has traced 225,696 people with contact with patients. of them, 63,126 are still under medical observation.
WS5e4f183aa310a2fabb7a25a2	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f183aa310a2fabb7a25a2.html	2020-02-21	Coronavirus outbreak makes us reflect how we pay for things	Crises and tribulations, while terrible, are often opportunities to revisit ways of doing things and long-held opinions, and we should expect exactly this kind of self-reflection in the aftermath of the recent coronavirus outbreak. One unlikely area that Hong Kong might choose to reflect upon is its long-held preference for cash over other forms of payment. Cash has long been identified as a breeding ground for disease. A 2017 study in New York City found several hundred micro-organisms, from both humans and animals, living on the vast majority of bank notes sampled, with the most common pathogens including E. coli and salmonella. Most "paper money" is in fact made out of a mixture of cotton and linen - a warm, soft, and moist environment capable of capturing anything already on your hands and providing these micro-organisms with a habitat in which to live and multiply. A separate study, also in 2017, suggested that bank notes are a perfect environment for over 3,000 types of bacteria to live and settle in, and while most bacteria and viruses can survive on a typical surface for only 48 hours, certain strains of the flu virus have been observed living on bank notes for a whopping 17 days! This shouldn't be surprising, considering how we as humans deal with and handle paper money. Think about where we tend to find money outside of the wallet - pockets, vending machines, under a mattress - all also warm and moist environments perfect for bacteria and other germs. Notes tend to be placed on dirty surfaces in public places such as counters and tables before being placed back in one's wallet or pocket. It's also a common habit among many people to lick their thumb before counting out notes, transferring germs from saliva onto the notes themselves and back again. Another habit, one that we're all familiar with, is to reach for and use the older, dirtier and ripped bank notes, while keeping the newer, crisp notes for later use. This all but guarantees that a small subsection of the total notes in circulation get used over and over again, while the cleaner ones remain in people's wallets or inside gift envelopes. No surprise then that scientists have estimated handling a bank note to be about as sanitary as placing your hands on the seat of a public toilet. Speaking of toilets, research in the United States in 2002 found that 94 percent of dollar bills showed pathogens that are typically found only in fecal matter ("poop", to you and me). If that's not enough, a study of $1 bills in America found traces of cocaine on 80 percent of studied notes. In fact, there have been a number of high-profile cases in which people have had money confiscated from them while passing customs after sniffer dogs detected illegal narcotics on money in their wallets. These people have then had to sue in order to get this money returned to them. All of this is compounded over a long period of time, of course, as the average bank note is in circulation for five to 15 years. Even if you personally strive to use only clean bank notes, the rollers inside ATMs are also capable of spreading germs and bacteria from one note to the next. This issue is also why even bank cards do not escape the danger either - studies estimate that 10 percent of bank cards have traces of fecal matter too. It is not the intention of this author to add to the mass hysteria and misinformation, which has become one of the mainstays of these tragic weeks. It is rather a reminder that in addition to washing and de-sanitizing hands after touching surfaces, door handles, and other things in public places, one should also be taking the same precautions when handling paper money. This is a habit that one should take up and keep, even in the times after the current outbreak. And perhaps it is therefore time for Hong Kong as a whole to reconsider its approach to other forms of payment; specifically, those available on your mobile phone. The infrastructure that makes mobile payments possible has spread across Hong Kong like wildfire, with most places now having some form of capacity to accept those solutions provided by handset-makers and mobile apps. Unlike either cash or cards, these methods do not require other people to touch things that could then be handed back to you, as they operate on near-field communication technology, which means that holding the phone or smart watch near the payment device is enough to settle the bill. And even if you do not wish to experiment with new forms of payments (a recent survey said 60 percent of Hong Kong people had never used mobile payments), there is still our trusted transportation card, the Octopus, which has become ubiquitous across the city. Recent updates to its functionality mean that it can now be topped-up from an app on your phone, removing the need to handle physical cash. Updates coming later this year will allow your phone or smart watch to substitute for the card itself, allowing you to leave it at home. So, during this period, where people are paying attention to sanitary conditions more than ever before, perhaps more people in the city would be advised to give "contactless" payments a go, and maybe we just might end up liking the convenience too. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.  
WS5e4f1678a3101282172791dd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f1678a3101282172791dd.html	2020-02-21	Novel coronavirus more deadly than any other pathogen?	An image of the novel coronavirus (also known as COVID-19) as shown under a scanning and transmission electron microscope. [Photo/The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Rocky Mountain Laboratories] The fatality rate of the novel coronavirus pneumonia is around 3 percent (total deaths divided by the number of confirmed cases), much lower than the mortality rate of other pathogens such as Ebola, which has a case fatality rate of up to 90 percent. And don't forget influenza, which kills hundreds of thousands of people around the world every single year.
WS5e4f12efa3101282172791cb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f12efa3101282172791cb.html	2020-02-21	Coronavirus not China's Chernobyl	A medical worker takes a passenger's body temperature at Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] At a time when China is trying to contain the novel coronavirus epidemic, some Western media outlets have exposed their anti-China bias by claiming the situation is "China's Chernobyl". The nuclear disaster in Chernobyl, Ukraine, in the then Soviet Union in 1986 remains the worst nuclear accident till date. It was caused by the meltdown of the No 4 light water graphite moderated reactor in the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. Apart from the initial casualty of more than 30 people and hundreds being hospitalized for radiation exposure, tens of thousands of people were exposed to leaked radiation and the disaster resulted in tens of billions of dollars in direct and indirect economic losses. Radioactive dust and cloud from Chernobyl traveled from Ukraine to the then western Soviet Union, mainly Belarus, all the way to Europe. Ultimately an area around the nuclear plant－with a radius of 30 kilometers－was declared an exclusion zone. Also, the Soviet authorities didn't immediately inform the residents around the Chernobyl plant or the international community about the serious consequences of the nuclear accident. The disaster raised global censure, especially because many in the international community believed the Soviet authorities didn't appropriately respond to the emergency. By contrast, China didn't know the consequences of the coronavirus outbreak at the outset, particularly because of the local government's slow response to the epidemic in Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, in the early stages. But order was established after the central government realized what was happening, it immediately implemented strict measures to contain the epidemic by setting quarantine norms, mobilizing the national medical corps, ordering the local government and health department to swing into action, and building two makeshift hospitals in about two weeks. And all the while, China maintained transparency as far as releasing information and updating data on the epidemic were concerned. So, by comparing the coronavirus outbreak to the Chernobyl disaster, some Western media outlets are trying to create panic across the world and giving a bad name to China's political institutional measures when they should be focusing on working together to contain the epidemic. It's a pity that their Cold War mentality is prompting some Western media outlets, especially those in the United States, to hype up the epidemic as part of their "China threat" fallacy even in these trying times. A report, titled "Rising to the China Challenge: Renewing American Competitiveness in the Indo-Pacific", released on Jan 28 by the Center for a New American Security, US think tank, said Western governments and companies should consider competing with China by, for instance, attacking what it perceives as the problems with Chinese institutes. Besides, US State Secretary Mike Pompeo tried to derail the cooperation between China and countries such as Ukraine and Kazakhstan during his visit to the two countries on Jan 31 and Feb 2. Some US officials continue to claim China poses a threat to the world, in order to fulfill their narrow political goals, even as China has intensified its fight against the epidemic. US Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, for example, said on Jan 30 that the epidemic might help jobs return to the US. Governments should accord top priority to cooperation at all times, particularly when a country is fighting a deadly disease outbreak. But some Western media outlets and politicians have been violating this long established global rule. Since China is the world's second-largest economy, the novel coronavirus outbreak in the country has already impacted the global economy. For example, global stock markets have been volatile, oil prices have dropped because China's demand for oil has declined and exports of auto components from China have been restricted, and Nissan decided to shut down several production lines. Yet China has taken effective measures to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus. And new cases have shown a declining trend, even as the World Health Organization has warned the risks of novel coronavirus transmission beyond China might cause serious global problems. In short, the epidemic is by no means China's Chernobyl and the international community should work together to contain the epidemic as soon as possible so as to strengthen global security and stability. The author is a research fellow at the Charhar Institute and a member of the Chinese Institute of Command and Control. The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.
WS5e4f1124a310a2fabb7a2583	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f1124a310a2fabb7a2583.html	2020-02-21	2 from coronavirus-hit cruise ship die in Japan	Two passengers who were on board the quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship have died due to the novel coronavirus, and another two officials had been infected, Japan's health ministry said on Thursday, as the nation canceled Olympics-related events over concerns. "An 87-year-old man who had been hospitalized on Feb 11 and an 84-year-old woman who joined him the following day have died from coronavirus infections," a health ministry official told a news conference in Tokyo, adding that one health ministry official and another from the Cabinet Secretariat were confirmed to be infected after both had spent time working on the Diamond Princess. Three other officials, from the health ministry and quarantine office, had previously tested positive for the virus, now named as COVID-19. Thursday's update brought the total confirmed cases in Japan to 711, including 621 of those who came from the Diamond Princess. Among them, 29 people were in serious condition, including one who had earlier tested negative for the virus. The cruise ship has been quarantined since Feb 3 with initially 3,700 people on board. On Thursday, the Chinese embassy in Japan said it had donated a batch of novel coronavirus test kits to the country. China reached out to Japan upon learning the country didn't have enough test kits and sent the kits to Japan's National Institute of Infectious Diseases after coordinating with various parties, the embassy's spokesperson said. The virus knows no borders, and it takes joint effort by different countries to tackle the epidemic, the spokesperson said, adding China will continue to do what it can to assist and work closely with Japan to fight the virus. Meanwhile, a batch of another 500 passengers began disembarking the Diamond Princess on Thursday while an initial batch of passengers who had tested negative and shown no symptoms had left the vessel on Wednesday, including 150 Australians and 106 Hong Kong residents who went home on chartered flights. Olympics under shadow Thursday's developments also cast a shadow on the upcoming Olympics as Tokyo canceled a gathering of local government groups for Olympics preparation and the boccia tournament, a test event for the Tokyo Paralympic Games over coronavirus concerns. The Japan Para Championships Boccia, which is scheduled to take place on Feb 28, "has been temporarily placed on hold until a final decision can be made", said a statement released by Tokyo 2020, the organizers of the Olympic Games and the Paralympic Games. Zhou Weisheng, a professor at Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto who did a quantitative study comparing the virus' spread in Central China's Hubei province and Japan, told China Daily that the increase of cases in Japan and Hubei showed similar exponential distribution, which means there is a danger that the number of infected people in Japan will grow rapidly. "The virus has shown an extraordinary ability to spread, and it is highly recommended that Japan promotes teleworking to avoid further infections," Zhou said. wangxu@chinadaily.com.cn People wear masks as they commute during the morning rush hour on Thursday in Tokyo's Chuo district. KIICHIRO SATO/ASSOCIATED PRESS
WS5e4f0583a310a2fabb7a2546	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/21/WS5e4f0583a310a2fabb7a2546.html	2020-02-21	China's unprecedented measures prevent novel coronavirus infecting the world	In his phone conversations with the leaders of France and the United Kingdom on Tuesday, and those of Pakistan and the Republic of Korea on Thursday, President Xi Jinping reassured the international community of China's confidence that it will be able to defeat the novel coronavirus, and reaffirmed the country's commitment to transparency as well as its openness to international cooperation. Since the outbreak of the epidemic, China has kept in close contact with not only the World Health Organization but also all major countries around the world to keep them updated on the situation. Which shows China's high sense of its responsibility to not only protect the health and safety of its own people, but also its determination to do its utmost to maintain global public health security. It is because of the all-out war the country has waged against the virus at home that the outbreak has been predominantly contained in China, Hubei province in particular. As of Thursday, nearly 99 percent of the infections and 99.67 percent of the deaths were in China, with Hubei accounting for 83 percent of the number of national infections and 96 percent of the death toll. China's cooperativeness, responsiveness and openness to the joint efforts date back to the very beginning of the epidemic. It wasted no time in identifying the pathogen, and sharing the virus' genetic sequence with the WHO, and it was published in an open repository early last month, earning valuable time for the other countries to prepare testing and diagnostic tools. The Chinese authorities have also taken advantage of all bilateral and multilateral mechanisms to strengthen cooperation with other countries. Besides, with the infections in Hubei declining in waves and dropping 16 days in a row in the rest of the country, the effectiveness of China's anti-epidemic measures deserve impartial evaluation. Were it not for China's anti-epidemic and pro-growth efforts, given the virus' latency and contagiousness, the epidemic would have had every chance of spilling over the country's borders, triggering chain reactions in public health and creating even greater shock waves for the global economy. It is therefore disappointing that some in countries that have benefited from China's rigorous anti-epidemic efforts are so steadfast in pointing accusatory fingers at the WHO's objective acknowledgment of China's efforts. Their groundless accusations that the international body is under pressure from Beijing to speak highly of China can only be explained by their ingrained bias against the country. Were it not for the unique institutional advantages of the Chinese system, the world might be battling a devastating pandemic. When international solidarity is needed in the face of the common challenge to human beings, these China-bashers are making themselves enemies of the world.
WS5e4ea5a9a31012821727917d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4ea5a9a31012821727917d.html	2020-02-20	Robots deployed to help fight coronavirus	Robots have been deployed in the battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak on the Chinese mainland. Being inmmune to infection, they have become the human's critical allies in fighting the epidemic.
WS5e4e7fafa31012821727915a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e7fafa31012821727915a.html	2020-02-20	TCM treatment effective against novel coronavirus, says official	Yu Yanhong, Party chief and deputy head of the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine, attends a news conference on the control of the novel coronavirus spread in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Thursday. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Integrating traditional Chinese medicine with Western medicine to treat the novel coronavirus patients has been proven to be effective, a top official with the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine said on Thursday. "A large number of clinical practices have confirmed the effect of the combined treatment of TCM and Western medicine on new coronavirus pneumonia patients," said Yu Yanhong, Party chief and deputy head of the administration, also a member of the central government work group guiding epidemic control work in Central China's Hubei province. She said TCM can rapidly improve symptoms in patients with mild symptoms, shorten the course of illness for patients with severe symptoms, and reduce the possibility of mild infections from becoming severe. Citing the latest clinical research on 102 patients with light symptoms, Yu said TCM treatment can shorten the average length of patient stay in the hospital by 2.2 days while enhancing the recovery rate by 33 percent compared with the control group. The transfer rate from medium symptoms to severe symptoms dropped by 27.4 percent and the number of lymphocytes, an important indicator of the health condition of patients who are recovering, increased by 70 percent, according to the clinical research. Yu said the central leadership has paid great attention to the epidemic control work and President Xi Jinping has made clear instruction to constantly improve the diagnosis and treatment plan, and integrate TCM with Western medicine in the treatment of novel coronavirus pneumonia. "The early participation of TCM in the treatment of the novel coronavirus pneumonia has produced a notable effect," she said. Administration data released on Monday showed that TCM had been prescribed to 60,107 infected patients, or 85.2 percent, of the total infections nationwide. In South China's Guangdong province, 1,245 confirmed novel coronavirus patients - as many as 94 percent of all the patients in the province - had received TCM treatment apart from Western medicine methods by Tuesday, TCM experts said at a press conference in Guangzhou on Wednesday. And TCM proved effective in 89 percent of the cases, they added. Apart from medicines, TCM treatment also included acupuncture, ear acupuncture point application and Baduanjin (a fitness practice with a history of 800 years), improving patients' sleep and facilitating their recovery, said Chen Ning, director of the Pulmonary Disease Department of the Guangdong Second Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital. Yu said one herbal concoction, known as Qingfei Paidu Soup, which mixes ephedra and licorice root among other ingredients, has emerged as an effective prescription and has been listed in the latest diagnosis and treatment guide book. Official data shows that as of Thursday, 3,200 TCM-trained medical workers have participated in treating novel coronavirus patients in Hubei province. Four batches of national-level TCM teams comprising 588 people are now stationed in four medical institutions in Hubei, including the newly-built Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan. Ten national-level TCM expert teams also have been organized to make regular visits in several major designated hospitals. Currently, each mobile cabin hospital in the province has two to three TCM doctors. "We will deepen the cooperation with western medical treatment. Also, the treatment plan that mixes TCM with Western medicines will be further improved to form a mechanism and play a more important role to fight against the disease," Yu said.
WS5e4e7d8ca310128217279150	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e7d8ca310128217279150.html	2020-02-20	WHO sends coronavirus test kits to Africa	The emblem of WHO is seen in this photo. [File photo/Agencies] The World Health Organization said on Tuesday that it has sent coronavirus test kits to 40 countries in Africa that will be able to test for the deadly new coronavirus by the end of the week. This comes after Egypt confirmed the first case on the continent last week. "Now they can do the test themselves within 24 to 48 hours. We are working with partners in some of the most fragile contexts, from Syria to Africa, to prepare countries for the arrival of the virus," Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO director-general, said in a media briefing on Tuesday. WHO said most African nations have been sending samples elsewhere for testing and waiting several days for results. So far only two laboratories in the entire continent had the reagents needed to test for the virus. The laboratories, which are in Senegal and South Africa, have been handling most of the suspected cases for the whole continent, thereby causing delays. Ghebreyesus said efforts have been put in place to ensure Africa is prepared to handle any suspected or confirmed case. He added that some countries in Africa, including the Democratic Republic of Congo, were using systems developed to test for the deadly Ebola virus to now test for the coronavirus. "This is a great example of how investing in health systems can pay dividends for health security," Ghebreyesus said. The first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus in Africa was detected in Egypt on Feb 14, according to a joint statement by the Egypt's health ministry and WHO. The statement indicated that the affected person was a foreigner. Egypt's health ministry said the patient had tested positive for the virus without any symptoms, as the WHO regional office for the Eastern Mediterranean said that the confirmed case in Egypt is asymptomatic and was identified as an individual who travelled to Cairo between Jan 21 and Feb 4 on a business trip. According to the Africa Center for Disease Control, the organization has been monitoring the outbreak closely and discussing their needs with African member states. The Africa CDC also says that it has been providing guidance to member states about how to prevent infections from spreading in communities and hospitals, strengthening screening at airports and with airlines, and also providing up-to-date information via electronic messaging, social media, and conference calls to member states. Elsewhere, a Chinese official assured people in Africa that the Chinese government is doing all it can to prevent the virus from spreading in the continent. According to reports that appeared on China's CGTN, Guo Ce, the Economic and Commercial Counselor of the Chinese Embassy in Nairobi, said on Wednesday that stringent public measures are being enforced by the Chinese government to ensure that the Chinese nationals traveling to Africa are free from the novel coronavirus. "Businesses in China are getting back to normal, while the health sector remains highly vigilant. China's overall economic situation could be totally back on its feet in two to three months' time," Guo said.
WS5e4e7a7ca310128217279147	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e7a7ca310128217279147.html	2020-02-20	China's unprecedented measures prevent novel coronavirus infecting the world: China Daily editorial	Medical workers inject medicine for a patient at an intensive care ward of the novel coronavirus infection cases at a branch of Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] In his phone conversations with the leaders of France and the United Kingdom on Tuesday, and those of Pakistan and the Republic of Korea on Thursday, President Xi Jinping reassured the international community of China's confidence that it will be able to defeat the novel coronavirus, and reaffirmed the country's commitment to transparency as well as its openness to international cooperation. Since the outbreak of the epidemic, China has kept in close contact with not only the World Health Organization but also all major countries around the world to keep them updated on the situation. Which shows China's high sense of its responsibility to not only protect the health and safety of its own people, but also its determination to do its utmost to maintain global public health security. It is because of the all-out war the country has waged against the virus at home that the outbreak has been predominantly contained in China, Hubei province in particular. As of Thursday, nearly 99 percent of the infections and 99.67 percent of the deaths were in China, with Hubei accounting for 83 percent of the number of national infections and 96 percent of the death toll. China's cooperativeness, responsiveness and openness to the joint efforts date back to the very beginning of the epidemic. It wasted no time in identifying the pathogen, and sharing the virus' genetic sequence with the WHO, and it was published in an open repository early last month, earning valuable time for the other countries to prepare testing and diagnostic tools. The Chinese authorities have also taken advantage of all bilateral and multilateral mechanisms to strengthen cooperation with other countries. Besides, with the infections in Hubei declining in waves and dropping 16 days in a row in the rest of the country, the effectiveness of China's anti-epidemic measures deserve impartial evaluation. Were it not for China's anti-epidemic and pro-growth efforts, given the virus' latency and contagiousness, the epidemic would have had every chance of spilling over the country's borders, triggering chain reactions in public health and creating even greater shock waves for the global economy. It is therefore disappointing that some in countries that have benefited from China's rigorous anti-epidemic efforts are so steadfast in pointing accusatory fingers at the WHO's objective acknowledgment of China's efforts. Their groundless accusations that the international body is under pressure from Beijing to speak highly of China can only be explained by their ingrained bias against the country. Were it not for the unique institutional advantages of the Chinese system, the world might be battling a devastating pandemic. When international solidarity is needed in the face of the common challenge to human beings, these China-bashers are making themselves enemies of the world.
WS5e4e7419a31012821727913b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e7419a31012821727913b.html	2020-02-20	Xi tells Pakistan, ROK leaders China can win novel coronavirus battle	A recovering novel coronavirus pneumonia patient gives a thumbs-up to medical workers at Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital. [Photo by Gao Xiang/For China Daily] China is capable of winning the battle against the outbreak of novel coronavirus disease, and the disease will not undermine the foundation of China's long-term development, President Xi Jinping said Thursday. Xi made the remarks in two separate phone conversations with Imran Khan, prime minister of Pakistan and Moon Jae-in, president of the Republic of Korea. In the phone call with Khan, Xi said that China is able to manage the impact of the disease to the lowest level. The Pakistani prime minister's call demonstrated that China and Pakistan are true friends that share both happiness and sadness, Xi said. In his phone talks with Moon, Xi said that the Chinese government has taken the strictest measures to prevent and control the spread of the disease, and China's efforts have led to positive progress. Noting China and ROK are close neighbors and cooperation partners, Xi said the disease's influence on China-ROK people-to-people exchanges is temporary.
WS5e4e53c5a310128217279110	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e53c5a310128217279110.html	2020-02-20	Discrepancy in coronavirus case counting due to statistical change	Medical workers test novel coronavirus samples at a lab in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Feb 6, 2020. [Photo by Zhou Chao/for chinadaily.com.cn] The discrepancy between the number of new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus in Wuhan and that of the Hubei province released on Thursday is due to a change in statistical methodology, expert said on Thursday. The Chinese mainland reported its biggest drop in new novel coronavirus infections in almost a month, with only 394 new confirmed cases on Wednesday. Hubei province reported 349 new confirmed cases in the period, but Wuhan, the provincial capital, recorded 615 such cases. This caused some confusion among the media and the public regarding the statistics. Wang Guiqiang, the director of infectious diseases at the Peking University First Hospital, explained that the difference was due to the latest edition of the treatment and diagnosis plan published by the National Health Commission on Wednesday, which removed counting clinically diagnosed patients as confirmed patients. Clinically diagnosed patients were suspected patients who were identified as having the disease based on symptoms, medical history and computerized tomography, or CT scans, and do not require testing positive for the virus using lab kits. In early February, the previous treatment plan required Hubei province to count clinically diagnosed patients as confirmed cases so that more suspected patients can receive the same standard of treatment as confirmed ones, thus reducing the possible spread of the virus and improving the treatment success rate. "This was a temporary measure because we didn't have enough test kits at that time to satisfy our clinical needs, and we had patients who needed immediate treatment but couldn't wait for their conclusive test results," Wang said at a press briefing. "Now we have enough test kits, and we have ways to produce results faster, so experts decided to lift that requirement and allow Hubei province to be treated as equal with rest of the nation," he said. Due to the change, medical workers have reexamined some confirmed cases in Hubei province and ruled out the ones that tested negative for the virus. The number of misdiagnosed patients turned out to be 279 on Wednesday. Moreover, only 13 new confirmed cases were found in Hubei cities other than Wuhan. So the total number of new cases in Hubei on Wednesday should combine the number from Wuhan and that outside of Wuhan, leading to a total number of 628. Subtracting the total number with the misdiagnosed number leads to Hubei reporting 349 new confirmed cases on Wednesday.
WS5e4e5234a310128217279109	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e5234a310128217279109.html	2020-02-20	29 foreigners in China infected with novel coronavirus	Twenty-nine foreign citizens in China have been infected with the novel coronavirus as of Wednesday afternoon, a senior official said on Thursday. Among them, 18 had recovered and were discharged from hospital, two were dead and nine are still under quarantine and treatment, said Ding Xiangyang, deputy secretary general of the State Council, China's Cabinet. Ten of the foreign patients were from Hubei province, he said at a news conference organized by the State Council Information Office in Wuhan, Hubei, on Thursday. "The Chinese government places great emphasis on the life and safety of foreign citizens in China," he said. "All foreign citizens infected with the novel coronavirus pneumonia will be given equal, timely and effective treatment." China has also contacted relevant foreign embassies and consulates regarding foreign patients, in accordance with law and respect for the will of the people involved, Ding said. "From what I know, there are no Russian citizens suspected of or confirmed to have caught the novel coronavirus pneumonia in China," he said, answering a related question from a reporter with a Russian media organization.
WS5e4e4ca3a3101282172790f1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e4ca3a3101282172790f1.html	2020-02-20	7-month-old infant cured of novel coronavirus	The youngest novel coronavirus patient in Shanghai, a 7-month-old infant, has been cured and was discharged from the hospital on Feb 20. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The youngest novel coronavirus patient in Shanghai, a seven-month-old infant, has been cured and was discharged from hospital on Thursday. The infant was found to be infected with COVID-19 on Feb 3 at the Children's Hospital of Fudan University, according to Zeng Mei, director of the hospital's infectious disease department. Zeng said that the child likely contracted the disease following a visit by relatives from Wuhan. "We were a bit worried at first because we didn't have previous clinical cases involving such a young patient," Zeng said. The hospital then assembled a special team that provided 24-hour care for the infant and used only mild medication to avoid the onset of any side effects. The infant's condition improved after five days. According to Zeng, the hospital has so far received 10 children infected with the novel coronavirus. Six were cured and none have died due to the infection.
WS5e4e4c90a3101282172790eb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e4c90a3101282172790eb.html	2020-02-20	Tokyo Paralympic test event of boccia tournament cancelled over coronavirus concerns	Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Athletes Village Plaza, which was made from 40,000 pieces of timber, is pictured at its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan, Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - A test event for the Tokyo Paralympic Games, the boccia tournament, has been canceled on Thursday by The Japan Para Sports Association (JPSA) because of the outbreak of coronavirus. The Japan Para Championships Boccia, due to take place on Feb 28, "has been temporarily placed on hold until a final decision can be made on staging the event," said a statement released by Tokyo 2020, the organizers of the Olympic Games and the Paralympic Games. Tokyo 2020 said that it was informed earlier by the JPSA, which concluded that "further time is necessary to fully analyze the potential impacts should the novel coronavirus affect an athlete." The boccia event was scheduled to be held in the Ariake Gymnastics Centre, the venue to host the Olympic gymnastics competitions. Tokyo 2020 said in the statement that other test events for the Olympic Games will be held as scheduled. "Nevertheless will carry out the test event in some form, after ensuring a safe and secure environment, and will consult with the IPC, IF, and other relevant organizations to determine the content of such tests," it said. The Sport Climbing test event will "go ahead as originally planned" on March 6-8, it said. The Tokyo Marathon, one of the world's biggest marathons, canceled the general public entry on Monday over worries of the virus, cutting the participation from 38,000 to about 200.
WS5e4e4a62a3101282172790ca	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e4a62a3101282172790ca.html	2020-02-20	South Korea confirms first death of person infected with coronavirus	  Workers from a disinfection service company sanitize a street in Daegu, South Korea, February 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SEOUL - South Korea reported the first death in the country of a person infected with coronavirus and 22 new cases bringing the total to 104. The exact cause of death is being investigated, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a statement. Most of the new cases confirmed are in the city of Daegu where a person who was infected with the virus had attended church services and visited a hospital before testing positive. Reuters
WS5e4e42c2a3101282172790b1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e42c2a3101282172790b1.html	2020-02-20	Foreign Ministry condemns spread of coronavirus conspiracy theories	It is either with bad intentions or absurd ignorance that certain individuals and media outlets published sensational statements that suggest the novel coronavirus is a bioweapon leaked from a lab, Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Thursday. Geng mentioned the joint statement signed by 27 of the world's leading scientists in the field of public health and published by the Lancet, in support of the Chinese research, health and medical workers fighting the outbreak, which strongly condemns the conspiracy theories about the outbreak circulating on the Internet. "We're not just battling the virus, but also conspiracy theories," he said, noting that in the face of an epidemic, science, reason and cooperation is what is needed. "We must seek the triumph of science over ignorance, dispel rumors with truth, and replace prejudice with cooperation," he said at the ministry's online news conference. China hopes that the international community, while working together to combat the novel coronavirus, will continue to work together against conspiracy theories and other "political viruses", Geng added.
WS5e4e316aa310128217279052	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e316aa310128217279052.html	2020-02-20	TCM helps pregnant coronavirus patient recover in Shandong	Six patients infected with the novel coronavirus were discharged from Shandong Provincial Chest Hospital in Jinan, East China's Shandong province, on Thursday. Among them, a woman pregnant for three and a half months was cured through treatment with traditional Chinese medicine, according to the hospital. Considering some Western medicines might have side effects on the fetus, the hospital only adopted traditional Chinese medicine treatment on her during the whole process. The other five patients were given medical treatment with both traditional Chinese medicine and Western medicine. Four of the six patients said they would like to donate their plasma to save those in critical condition after learning that plasma from recovered patients is effective in treating the coronavirus.
WS5e4e21f7a31012821727901d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e21f7a31012821727901d.html	2020-02-20	Boy released from coronavirus quarantine at Aussie hospital	  SYDNEY - An eight-year-old COVID-19 patient was released from an Australian hospital on Wednesday evening having been completely cleared of the disease, authorities announced. The boy was part of a Chinese tour group who were travelling in the Australian State of Queensland earlier in the month when one of the nine members became sick. All members of the group were placed into isolation, while the boy, who tested positive for COVID-19, was placed into a separate isolation -- as were four others who also tested positive and remained in hospital on Thursday. "I can announce the first family who have been quarantined at the Gold Coast University Hospital were discharged (on Wednesday night)," Queensland State Health Minister Steven Miles said. "Their 8-year-old son has recovered from the coronavirus and is no doubt very excited to get out of hospital." During his time in the hospital the boy was looked after by his father who did not contract the virus but will now nonetheless be required to spend 14 days in isolation to ensure he is not at risk of spreading it. "There is no evidence this person has been unwell and they are showing no signs of having contracted the virus. They remain in isolation out of hospital as a precaution," Queensland's chief health officer, Dr Jeannette Young explained. There are still four people in the Gold Coast hospital with COVID-19, all from the same tour group -- two men aged 44 and 37, and two women, aged 42 and 37. Young said that all those patients were doing well and would continue to undergo assessments over coming days to be released from hospital when safe to do so. "The remaining Gold Coast University Hospital patients are well. It is possible further family groups may be released over the next week when medically cleared and some may require similar further quarantine," Young said.
WS5e4e0ca1a310128217278fc5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e0ca1a310128217278fc5.html	2020-02-20	China donates coronavirus test kits to Japan	A testing kit produced by ZJ Bio-Tech for detecting the novel coronavirus. The first batch of such detection devices was approved by the National Medical Products Administration on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo provided to China Daily] China has donated a batch of novel coronavirus test kits to Japan, according to the Chinese embassy in Japan. China reached out to Japan upon learning the latter country didn't have enough test kits, and sent the kits to Japan's National Institute of Infectious Diseases after coordinating with various parties, the embassy's spokesperson saidon Thursday. China is paying close attention to the development of the novel coronavirus in Japan and empathizes with what Japan is going through, the spokesperson said. The virus knows no border, and it takes joint effort by different countries to tackle the epidemic, the spokesperson said, adding China will continue to do what it can to assist and work closely with Japan to fight the disease.
WS5e4e0556a310128217278fbb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e0556a310128217278fbb.html	2020-02-20	Coronavirus research at key Wuhan institute disrupted by rumors	Wuhan Institute of Virology. [Photo from the internet] Recent rumors and misinformation targeting the Wuhan Institute of Virology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences have seriously disturbed its research against the novel coronavirus epidemic, but it has "a clear conscience and no regrets" and will remain steadfast in continuing its work to fight the virus, the institute said in a public letter late on Wednesday. The institute, which is the top virology research agency in China established in 1956 and home to Asia's highest-level biosafety lab, has been besieged by rumors and controversies since the outbreak. These rumors included the virus being artificially engineered or leaked from the institute's P4 biosecurity lab. They also attacked the institute's leaders and its staff, claiming the first patient of the virus was a graduate student from the institute and questioning the competence of the head of the institute. "These rumors have seriously harmed our researchers at the front line, and seriously disrupted our institute's research missions to combat the epidemic," the letter said. The letter said its researchers have worked tirelessly, overcame many obstacles and produced numerous crucial and timely discoveries, including publishing the full genome of the virus, identifying viral strains for vaccine and drug development, creating animal test models and diagnosing patients. "Looking back at all the hard work we have done in the past month, we have a clear conscience and no regrets," it said. "Research is the front line against the epidemic. Let us firm our resolve, tune out distractions, and jointly devote ourselves to our research and our work." Over the past week, the institute issued multiple statements refuting rumors implying the institute was responsible for the novel coronavirus outbreak first discovered in Wuhan. One statement was made on Monday by researcher Chen Quanjiao after a Sina Weibo user called "Weiketiezhi" posted a claim that Chen reported the head of the institute Wang Yanyi because she had "sold experimental animals" to the Huanan Seafood Market and "leaked the virus" from a lab. "I never released any information on reporting others and I'm in great indignation for people who use my name to fabricate a reported message," Chen said in her statement released on the institute's website on Monday. "The recent rumors on the institute have affected the researchers tackling of key problems. We hope the public can keep a high alert on relevant conspiracies and destructive activities," said Chen, adding that she will hold people who slander her legally liable. Local internet surveillance authorities in Jiangsu province released a public statement on Monday saying they have traced the account spreading the rumor to an overseas IP and an organization that specializes in propagating anti-China content. "Netizens should keep their eyes open and not be misled by others," it said.
WS5e4e0160a310128217278fb1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4e0160a310128217278fb1.html	2020-02-20	Coronavirus pneumonia might exist for long time, says expert	The pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus might exist for a long time, like the flu, said Wang Chen, president of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. "The new virus is different from SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome), the latter of which is highly transmissive and pathogenic. It quickly kills the host, and the virus itself cannot easily survive," he said during an interview with China Central Television on Wednesday night. However, the pneumonia is very likely to coexist with humans like the flu, he said, adding that preparations in terms of clinical diagnosis and treatment should be made accordingly, as well as prevention measures in daily life. Though more treatments and medicine have been adopted to cure the disease, it's still in early exploratory phases, according to Wang. "It's a brand-new disease, the pathology of which is not yet clear. The previous treatment was based on the past experiences," he said, adding that the therapies are now more effective and standardized with a deeper understanding. The current knowledge about the disease is still limited, and the exploration of new drugs and new therapies are still in the preliminary stage as well, he added. Wang also noted that the spread of the new virus is slowing down, but the predication of a turning point for the epidemic has to take the regulation of the disease and the control and prevention measures into consideration. "The inflection point is a dependent variable. It is important that we control its independent variables," he said. Wang also said that it's important to admit patients into hospitals as soon as possible since a late admission of a patient could lead to more infections. Thanks to the increase of hospital beds, the patient admission rate has gradually been improved. But it's crucial to put patients under treatment in a timely manner to curb the spread of the new virus, he added.
WS5e4dfa98a310128217278f8a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4dfa98a310128217278f8a.html	2020-02-20	394 new coronavirus cases, 114 deaths confirmed on Chinese mainland	A total of 394 new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus and 114 new fatalities were reported Wednesday on the Chinese mainland, bringing the two numbers up to 74,576 and 2,118 respectively, according to the National Health Commission. With the majority of the new confirmed cases reported from Hubei province, where the epidemic is the most severe, the rest of the country only saw 45 new infections on Wednesday, which means the country's daily new confirmed cases outside Hubei have been dropping for 16 days in a row. On the previous day, 56 new cases were reported outside Hubei on the Chinese mainland. A total of 1,277 suspected cases were reported on the same day, bringing the total number of suspected cases on the Chinese mainland to 4,922 as of Wednesday midnight, the commission said. The country has seen 1,779 new recovery cases on Wednesday, it said, adding that a total of 16,155 people have been discharged from the hospital on the mainland as of Wednesday midnight. The number of confirmed cases rose to 65 in Hong Kong, including two deaths and five recovery cases, 10 in Macao, including five recovery cases, and 24 in Taiwan, including one death and two patients discharged from the hospital, the commission said. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 589,163 people with close contact with patients, with 126,363 of them still under medical observation, according to the commission.
WS5e4de9b3a310128217278e92	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4de9b3a310128217278e92.html	2020-02-20	Syria voices solidarity with China in fighting new coronavirus	Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal Mekdad speaks at the event Together Against Coronavirus in Damascus, Syria, on Feb 19, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] DAMASCUS -- Syrian officials on Wednesday expressed solidarity with China in its fight against the new coronavirus, saying China is fighting the epidemic on behalf of the world. In an event dubbed Together Against Coronavirus held in the evening in the capital Damascus, Faisal Mekdad, Syrian deputy foreign minister, hailed the Chinese efforts in fighting the coronavirus as heroic. "Our brothers in China are doing a heroic act without hesitation to face this catastrophe and I say they confront this catastrophe on behalf of the whole world," he said. "What China is doing is not only in the framework of preserving the security and international peace but also to prevent epidemics like this to spread to other countries," Mekdad noted. Mohammad Hamsho, chairman of the Syrian- Chinese Business Council, agreed that the Chinese efforts should be respected worldwide because they are fighting to protect other countries. "The measures undertaken by the Chinese government and people to face the coronavirus are very important given the big challenges they are encountering," he said. Meanwhile, Chinese Ambassador to Syria Feng Biao said China's capability of undertaking measures to fight the coronavirus is unprecedented. "The measures taken by the Chinese government to prevent and control the coronavirus are very strong and there is no country in this world that is capable of undertaking preventive measures of this size and strength," he noted.
WS5e4dcfb5a310128217278d3a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4dcfb5a310128217278d3a.html	2020-02-20	Hubei records drop in coronavirus cases for third straight day	Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, reported 349 new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus, a drop for three consecutive days by the end of Wednesday, according to the province's health commission. The total number of the confirmed cases in the province climbed to 62,031 as of Wednesday midnight, it said on Thursday morning, adding that 108 new fatalities were seen on Wednesday, bringing the number up to 2,029. Wuhan city, the epicenter of the outbreak, reported 615 new confirmed cases on Wednesday, followed by five new cases in Xiantao, three in Shiyan, and three in Suizhou, as well as two in Xiangyang. The other 10 cities in the province have seen a drop of 279 cases from the previous confirmed cases after re-examination. A total of 3,456 suspected cases were reported as of Wednesday in the province. Among them, 3,334 cases have been under centralized quarantine, it said. The province also reported 1,209 new recovery cases on the same day, bringing its total recovery cases to over 10,000 for the first times. By the end of Wednesday, a total of 10,337 patients in the province have been released from the hospital after recovery, according to the commission. A total of 43,745 people infected by the virus are still under medical treatment in the province, including 9,128 people with serious symptoms and 2,050 in critical condition, the commission said. Health authorities in the province have traced 214,093 people with close contact with patients, with 65,525 of them still under medical observation, according to the commission.
WS5e4dc4f8a310128217278d15	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4dc4f8a310128217278d15.html	2020-02-20	Does vitamin C help prevent the novel coronavirus?	[Photo/VCG] Vitamin C supplements are reportedly in clinical trials in Wuhan to help cure the novel coronavirus pneumonia, so the public is wondering whether it helps to have vitamin C at home to prevent the disease.  According to Ruan Guangfeng from China Food Information Center, the saying that vitamin C helps improve immunity originates from people's knowledge about colds, which is scientifically groundless. There is no proof that vitamin C relieves or cures colds. Ruan said it is not necessary for healthy people to take extra supplements to prevent the disease as long as they get enough nutrition from a balanced diet.  As for those who stay at home during the epidemic control, Ruan suggests taking vitamin C if fresh vegetables and fruit are temporarily unavailable - 100 milligrams for adults and no more than 200 milligrams for those who are pregnant. Vitamin C supplements are not an alternative to fresh food, he said. 
WS5e4d6036a310128217278ca8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4d6036a310128217278ca8.html	2020-02-20	HK doctors remained in Shenzhen to fight coronavirus	Professor Chung-Mau Lo (middle), chief executive of the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital patrols with mainland officials of the hospital in the emergency department on Feb 19. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Dozens of Hong Kong doctors remained in Shenzhen, Guangdong province to care for patients and fight the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. On Feb 8, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region imposed a compulsory 14-day quarantine on those who had visited the mainland. The quarantine disrupted the daily routine of Hong Kong medical staff working in the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital who attended patients during the day and returned to Hong Kong at night. But they quickly realized what needed to be done. The long trip to and from the hospital was time-consuming and it took time away from patients. Prof. Pearl Pai (second from left), assistant president of the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital and a nephrologist makes patient rounds on Feb 7. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] "We are Shenzhen residents in the daytime and Hong Kong residents at night," said Professor Chung-Mau Lo, chief executive of the hospital and chief of division of liver transplantation in Queen Mary Hospital. "Now, I am Shenzhen resident around clock." Before making the decision to remain with patients, Lo sent a message to friends: "I will leave HK tomorrow and stay in Shenzhen to fight this battle against the virus. This is my duty and honor. I am not sure when I will come back and even then, I have to stay at home, and I will not be able to join any gathering for 14 days. Take care! I will be back." Lo said many medical staff called off their Spring Festival celebration and stayed with their patients, which moved him so much. Each morning at 8:15, he meets with staff to discuss ways to improve the fight against the virus. Christopher Hui, head of the respiratory medicine department of the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital communicates with a patient in an isolation ward, on Feb 2. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Dr. CK Tong served as the ICU supervisor of the hospital active in the Hong Kong fight against the severe acute respiratory syndrome 17 years ago. Since the outbreak of COVID-19, she handles emergency needs. "I fought the SARS epidemic in Hong Kong," she said. "Now I am fighting against the novel coronavirus epidemic with my fellows from the mainland. I think that doing a good job in fighting the epidemic is the best interpretation of doctor's love for their duty." Prof. Pearl Pai, assistant president of the hospital and a nephrologist, said: "Dialyzed patients require routine dialysis treatment three times a week. If they are not treated in time, they will be in danger. Despite the current epidemic, we must stick to our position." Christopher Hui, head of respiratory medicine department of the hospital, said his patients are his top priority. Dr. CK Tong (first from left), the ICU supervisor of the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital analyzes a patient’s condition with her mainland fellows on Feb 11. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] "We managed to control the SARS epidemic," he said. "I believe, this time, we can also make it." On Jan 10, the hospital treated the first confirmed case in Shenzhen, which was the first case in Guangdong province. As of Feb 16, the hospital had reserved a total of 80 beds and treated 139 suspected cases. A total of 80 patients have been discharged after receiving treatment.
WS5e4df2fda310128217278f0b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/20/WS5e4df2fda310128217278f0b.html	2020-02-20	WHO backs actions on containing coronavirus	A World Health Organization official on Tuesday expressed support and praise for China's strict measures to control the novel coronavirus outbreak, countering claims by some that they are too harsh. "You can argue whether those measures are excessive or whether they're restrictive on people, but there's a lot at stake here, an awful lot at stake, in terms of public health and in terms of not just the public health of China but people all over the world," said Michael Ryan, a WHO leader on health emergencies. Finding the balance between civil liberties and necessary restrictions is sometimes difficult, Ryan said. "Right now, the strategic and tactical approach in China is the right one," he said. Lawrence Gostin, an expert in public health law and professor at Georgetown University in Washington, told Time.com recently that quarantines are beneficial. "While expensive, it's more than worth it. It prevents spread of serious illnesses. And it's far less costly than having to hospitalize many patients who could contract the coronavirus infection," Gostin said. Ryan also backed Japan's decision to place under quarantine the cruise liner Diamond Princess, which has been moored in Yokohama since Feb 4. "It's very easy in retrospect to make judgments on public health decisions made at a certain point," he said. Ryan said the WHO is eager to study the cruise-ship transmission to understand what went wrong, so those lessons can be applied to similar efforts in coming days. China announced on Wednesday morning that the number of cases was at 74,280－up 1,752 from the day before－and the death toll now stands at 2,006, an increase of 136, the authorities said. WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said on Tuesday that the agency's experts are still struggling to understand how fatal and contagious the virus is outside China. "We don't have enough data on cases outside China to make meaningful conclusions," he said at a news briefing in Geneva, noting that there haven't been sustained human-to-human transmissions outside China except for those on the Diamond Princess. Help required "We still have a chance of preventing a broader global crisis," said Tedros. "WHO will continue working night and day with all countries to prepare them." UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Tuesday that one of his biggest concerns is the possible spread of the coronavirus to countries with "less capacity in their health service". Guterres told The Associated Press in Pakistan that if that were to happen, those countries would require much international help and solidarity. Egypt has reported its first case of the virus, sparking fears that it could spread across Africa, which is particularly ill-equipped to handle such epidemics.   Micheal Ryan    
WS5e4d5ad8a310128217278ca3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4d5ad8a310128217278ca3.html	2020-02-19	WHO supports Beijing coronavirus measures	The World Health Organization says it supports recent measures taken by China to contain the outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia, or COVID-19, including the monitoring of individuals returning to Beijing. A representative from the global health authority commented on China's handling of the epidemic at a news conference in Geneva, Switzerland, on Tuesday afternoon. "They are taking very direct measures to ensure that people returning to the city are observed and monitored," said Michael Ryan, executive director of the WHO Health Emergencies Programme. "Now you can argue whether those measures are excessive or whether they are restrictive of people, but there is a lot at stake here. There is an awful lot at stake here in terms of public health, not only for China, but for all people in the world. What we like to see is well thought out, evidence-based public health measures that pay due respect for people's individual liberty and individual human rights. Finding that balance is sometimes difficult, but right now the strategic and tactical approach in China is the correct one." Ryan said that China has executed the progressive implementation of public health measures. "If you look at what's happening in Wuhan now, the government authorities in China spent a number of weeks pressuring the virus, and you saw the numbers have dropped away," he said. "Now they have engaged in door-to-door surveillance and they are going around doing active surveillance. This is a very good public health practice." Ryan added: "Beijing is a central point in the country where many, many workers return to. So what China is trying to do is, while they are getting success in putting out one fire, they don't want the fire to start somewhere else." WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus called on nations to speed up the sharing of data relating to COVID-19, and outlined several measures the organization is taking to increase preparedness around the globe. He said that, by the end of the week, 40 new countries in Africa and 29 countries in Latin America will have the ability to test patients for COVID-19 at domestic labs. Ghebreyesus said these countries have been sending tests to other nations, causing a delay of several days for diagnoses. WHO has shipped personal protective equipment and other supplies to 21 countries so far, and Ghebreyesus said another 106 are to follow. "We still have the chance of preventing a broader global crisis," he said. According to WHO, as of Tuesday there were 72,528 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in China, where 1,870 people have been killed by the disease. In the past 24 hours, there have been 1,891 new cases in China. Outside of China, three people have died and 804 cases have been confirmed in 25 countries. In the past day there have been 110 cases confirmed outside of China, including 99 cases on the Diamond Princess cruise ship which is currently quarantined off the coast of Japan.  
WS5e4d3ff5a310128217278c92	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4d3ff5a310128217278c92.html	2020-02-19	Patients who recovered from severe novel coronavirus pneumonia discharged in Wuhan	The 31 patients discharged from the hospital after recovering from severe novel coronavirus pneumonia take a picture at Union Hospital affiliated with Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, Central China’s Hubei province on Feb 19, 2020. [Photo by Liu Kunwei/chinadaily.com.cn] Zhang Yu, Party secretary of Union Hospital affiliated with Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, hands out protective gear to discharged patients in Wuhan on Feb 19, 2020. [Photo by Liu Kunwei/chinadaily.com.cn] A medical staff member tells a discharged patient how to use medicines in Wuhan on Feb 19, 2020. [Photo by Liu Kunwei/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e4d2216a310128217278c66	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4d2216a310128217278c66.html	2020-02-19	Coronavirus cases climb to 621 on Japan cruise liner	A worker in protective gear is seen on the cruise ship Diamond Princess seen at Daikoku Pier Cruise Terminal in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, Japan, Feb 19, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Coronavirus infections on a cruise ship moored near Tokyo rose to 621 people on Wednesday as passengers began disembarking following a contentious two-week quarantine that some foreign health experts said appeared insufficient to stop the spread. Japan's health ministry said it had discovered 79 additional cases of the flu-like disease. Of the new cases, 68 showed no symptoms, it said. About 500 people were expected to disembark the Diamond Princess on Wednesday, a ministry official said earlier, with the process completed by Friday. The ship, operated by Carnival Corp, was quarantined after arriving in the port of Yokohama on Feb 3, after a man who disembarked in Hong Kong before it travelled to Japan was diagnosed with the virus. It originally carried some 3,700 passengers and crew. Many of the infected people have been taken to hospital. About half the passengers are Japanese. "Day:15: Everyone here, thanks for your support over the last two weeks," a departing passenger from Hong Kong said on Twitter, using the tag #quarantinedondiamondprincess. Japan ranks second in the world after China for the number of confirmed virus cases because of the outbreak on the ship, which is the biggest cluster of infections outside China. Japan has come under fire for its handling of the ship's quarantine, although top government officials have defended it. "Unfortunately, cases of infection have emerged, but we have to the extent possible taken appropriate steps to prevent serious cases, including sending infected people to hospital," NHK quoted Health Minister Katsunobu Kato as telling a parliamentary panel. The United States evacuated more than 300 nationals on Monday on two chartered flights and six South Koreans and one Japanese spouse flew to South Korea early on Wednesday on a chartered flight. The Americans flown home will have to complete another 14 days of quarantine. Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said there were 220 Australians on board and a total of 169 would be evacuated. They will be flown to Darwin, where they will be quarantined for 14 days. Hong Kong has also said its residents coming home will have to spend 14 days in quarantine. Japanese people getting off the ship can go directly home.
WS5e4cfd3ba310128217278c10	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4cfd3ba310128217278c10.html	2020-02-19	Are you used to working from home during the novel coronavirus outbreak in China?	Are you used to working from home during the novel coronavirus outbreak in China? Yes. No. Unsure.
37533807	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/guizhou/guiyang/2020-02/19/content_37533807.htm	2020-02-19	Railway police help ensure transportation safety amid coronavirus outbreak in Guizhou	A policeman patrols at the Guiyang North Railway Station in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 18, 2020. In order to prevent and control the spread of the novel coronavirus, policemen from the police station of Guiyang North Railway Station have helped measure temperatures of passengers and give assistance to key passengers, as a way to ensure the transportation safety of passengers. [Photo/Xinhua] A policeman patrols at the Guiyang North Railway Station in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 18 2020. In order to prevent and control the spread of the novel coronavirus, policemen from the police station of Guiyang North Railway Station have helped measure temperatures of passengers and give assistance to key passengers, as a way to ensure the transportation safety of passengers. [Photo/Xinhua] A policeman patrols at the Guiyang North Railway Station in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 18, 2020. In order to prevent and control the spread of the novel coronavirus, policemen from the police station of Guiyang North Railway Station have helped measure temperatures of passengers and give assistance to key passengers, as a way to ensure the transportation safety of passengers. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e4ce817a310128217278b96	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4ce817a310128217278b96.html	2020-02-19	Mutated coronavirus found on patients in Wenzhou?	[Photo/Agencies] Rumors of a "mutated coronavirus" found in patients in Wenzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, have sparked public fear of a "different" virus from the novel coronavirus and prejudice against people from Wenzhou. It is falsely reported that 40 percent of the 490 confirmed cases in Wenzhou were infected with a mutant coronavirus, which is totally different from the virus identified in Wuhan. According to a thesis published by a panel for control of the novel coronavirus epidemic of the Chinese Preventive Medicine Association on Tuesday, full-length genome sequences of the novel coronavirus samples collected so far are nearly identical, which means there is no obvious mutation. Based on the latest monitoring of the virus, no mutation has been found in any circumstances.
WS5e4cdca2a310128217278b5e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4cdca2a310128217278b5e.html	2020-02-19	E China city funds research against novel coronavirus	An engineer adjusts an X-ray imaging system that can be used to help fight novel coronavirus in Wuhan, at a medical equipment manufacturing company in Shenyang, Liaoning province. [Photo/Xinhua] NANJING -- Suzhou, a city in East China's Jiangsu province, has announced a program to encourage universities, institutions and companies globally to develop rapid test kits, drugs and vaccines for the novel coronavirus. The program, launched by the Suzhou Industrial Technology Research Institute, will fund teams and researchers with a maximum of 1 million yuan (about $143,000) after an assessment. The testing products include rapid testing kits and other equipment that can detect the virus in half an hour based on nucleic acid detection and other methods. The development of the drugs focuses on filtering and testing antiviral drugs, traditional Chinese medicine and effective ingredients of natural medicine. Jiangsu's finance authority also announced to fund 30 million yuan in supporting companies and researchers in developing and producing rapid testing kits and vaccines for the novel coronavirus.
WS5e4c8ec9a31012821727896c	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c8ec9a31012821727896c.html	2020-02-19	'Russia supports' China's fight against outbreak of coronavirus	A worker unloads medical materials from a plane at the Wuhan Tianhe International Airport in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Measures taken by Chinese government to fight the coronavirus epidemic are impressive. The whole world is delighted with the speed and scale of the measures taken to prevent the spread of infection, as well as the cohesion and discipline of the Chinese people facing a new health threat. I think the whole world should learn from China how to organize work to overcome an emergency, especially because the epidemic threatens humankind as a whole. We see that governments of all countries around the world have taken urgent measures to control the spread of coronavirus. These measures can be divided into two types: isolating oneself from China and preparing their own measures to combat the epidemic if it spreads to its territory. I consider the first direction to be useless, and, as far as I know, the World Health Organization, too, does not support it. In the second direction, work is underway in Russia, primarily to develop a vaccine against the novel coronavirus. Here we need to combine scientific and technical resources, and organize serious gone biological threats to the existence of human civilization. Indeed, many experts, including those from the European Union and Canada, claim the coronavirus is "artificially synthesized". Which means it was developed as a "biological weapon", which is strictly prohibited by international law. We need to create an international authoritative commission of scientists, who can impartially figure this out and establish the origin of the coronavirus. Today, the entire medical industry is working according to the needs of China, supplying various kinds of sanitary facilities. As for measures to limit contacts with China, they have not beyond the standard recommendations for tourists and are aimed at informing the people and reducing the channels for spreading the epidemic. As far as I know, all the leading Russian airlines maintain their regular flights to and from China, with the possible exception of ports closed by the Chinese government itself. By the way, I just made a transfer in Wuhan recently, and we spent two hours at Wuhan airport, where none of the passengers seemed to be worried about their own safety. For us (Russia), China is a strategic partner with a long friendship and cooperation. The two heads of state have repeatedly talked about mutual friendship, cooperation and support, highlighting the importance of joint opposition to external threats by using such Chinese expression as "back to back" and Russian expression as "shoulder to shoulder". That's why we do not hesitate for a second before accepting as a common problem the misfortune that has befallen the people of China. In the fight against epidemic, the Chinese people can rely on the help of Russia. I am sure that the epidemic cannot have any serious negative impact on Sino-Russian trade and economic relations. Of course, temporary quarantine measures may be introduced in accordance with World Trade Organization standards and our agreements. This may concern, first of all, products of animal origin. But in other areas, on the contrary, cooperation has sharply intensified, as in the already mentioned medical industry. And in the long run, the epidemic has highlighted the importance of the need to deepen cooperation in areas as such high-tech industries including bioengineering technologies, pharmaceuticals and procurement. The author is the minister for integration and macroeconomics of the Eurasian Economic Commission, and a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at Renmin University of China also contributed to this article. The views don't necessarily reflect those of China Daily.
WS5e4c8cc9a310128217278949	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c8cc9a310128217278949.html	2020-02-19	Coronavirus infections continue daily drop outside Hubei	A recovering pneumonia patient gives a thumbs-up to medical workers at Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital. [GAO XIANG/FOR CHINA DAILY] With an increase of 1,749 over the course of Tuesday, total infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland have reached 74,185, according to the National Health Commission.  Most new cases were reported from Hubei province, the hardest hit region by the outbreak. Only 56 infections were counted from elsewhere, marking the 15th straight day with a decline in daily growth outside Hubei.  A day earlier, 79 cases were reported outside Hubei on the Chinese mainland.    As of Tuesday at midnight, 2,004 people have succumbed to the pathogen and 136 of them died of it that day, data released by the commission on Wednesday morning also showed.  The commission said 1,185 suspected cases were added on Tuesday, and there are now 5,248 such cases across the Chinese mainland.  Among the 57,805 patients under medical treatment, 11,977 remain in serious condition. A total of 14,376 people have been cured and released from hospitals as of Tuesday at midnight. A total of 135,881 people that have had close contact with infected patients are still under medical observation.
WS5e4c7a80a31012821727887e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c7a80a31012821727887e.html	2020-02-19	Can air purifiers filter the novel coronavirus?	[Photo/VCG] Rumors have claimed that air purifiers can help filter the novel coronavirus. There's no requirement in product standards for air purifiers to kill viruses or other pathogenic microorganisms, according to Feng Luzhao, an analyst from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Air purifiers are used to remove pollutants from the air, he said Therefore, air purifiers are not able to filter viruses, but it's recommended to ventilate rooms every day.
WS5e4c78fba310128217278879	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c78fba310128217278879.html	2020-02-19	61,682 coronavirus cases confirmed in Hubei province	Doctors check a patient's health at Leishenshan, or "Thunder God Mountain", Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province on Feb 9, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/For China Daily] Another 1,693 novel coronavirus infections were confirmed for the 24 hours ending Tuesday midnight in Hubei province, the center of the outbreak, bringing up its total to 61,682, the province's health commission said. The latest daily increase of 132 deaths takes total fatalities to date in the province to 1,921, it added. Wuhan, Hubei's capital and epicenter of the outbreak, vastly outnumbers all other cities in the province as to the number of newly reported infections during the 24 hours ending Tuesday midnight with 1,660 cases, followed by Xiaogan with only 24. The number of total cases in Wuhan now stands at 44,412. With 116 further deaths on Tuesday, the virus has claimed 1,497 lives in the provincial capital with a population of 11 million, the provincial apparatus said. The commission also said there are now 3,462 suspected cases in the province. It said 43,471 people sickened by the virus are still hospitalized. Among them, 9,289 exhibit serious symptoms and 1,957 are in critical condition. Medical observation continues on a total of 68,345 people in the province.
WS5e4c728ca310128217278852	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c728ca310128217278852.html	2020-02-19	TCM can help control spread of coronavirus	Pharmacists pack and sell Chinese medicine at the Hu Qingyutang Chinese Medicine Museum in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province. [Photo by Feng Chonglin/chinadaily.com.cn] In the fight against the novel coronavirus epidemic, traditional Chinese medicine has been proving relatively effective. But while highlighting TCM's efficacy and advantages, we also have to stress the risk of improper use of TCM to control and prevent the spread of coronavirus. For example, some people mistakenly anchor their hope on some herbs or Chinese patent drugs to prevent infection. Since most people know little about the principles of TCM, they may relax their vigilance against the epidemic by randomly taking some traditional Chinese medicines and forego the mandatory safeguards such as quarantine and hospitalization in the fight against coronavirus. According to TCM, exogenous diseases including epidemics are determined by the outcome of the fight of healthy qi, or internal energy, against pathogens. The healthy qi is the internal basis of the disease while pathogenic factors are external causes of the illness. A person may contract a disease when pathogens defeat the healthy qi, which means pathogenic factors play a decisive role in causing a disease in a human being. Also, even if the healthy qi is very strong, it may not be able to win the fight against a strong pathogen. So it is necessary for humans to take medically prescribed measures to avoid pathogenic transmission, especially when an epidemic breaks out. But is it necessary to take TCM as a preventive measure during an epidemic? First, those who have a yin-yang imbalance in the body, such as inner-body dampness ("damp evil") or dryness because of yin deficiency, can take some herbs as prescribed by TCM practitioners. For instance, if a person catches a cold after getting wet in the rain, it is advisable that he or she drink ginger soup. Such measures may prevent pathogenic transmission to some extent. However, healthy people need not take traditional Chinese drugs to avoid contracting a disease. Second, there is no need either for people to eat certain types of food to increase their immunity against coronavirus. According to TCM diet therapy, consumption of some types of food based on the body's requirement is good for physical health, but it is unnecessary to do so to prevent coronavirus infection. Third, physical exercise including Tai Chi can help strengthen the healthy qi to fight against pathogens. But physical exercise is no substitute for medically prescribed safeguards against an epidemic. Based on its theory and practice, TCM can prove effective in the treatment of influenza, including the novel coronavirus. Therefore, it is critical to highlight holistic treatment based on symptoms differentiation in TCM and necessary adjustments in line with different seasons, geographical conditions and individuals. As such, the collection of clinical information for diagnosis should focus on not only some characteristic manifestations of the novel coronavirus but also factors including season, location and geographical condition, which are necessary for treatment based on symptom differentiation. Prognosis, too, should depend on symptom differentiation. For example, since medical information on the novel coronavirus patients from different places points to the existence of "damp evil", the treatment should focus on drying the inner-body "dampness" while avoiding cold-natured medication as the overuse of heat-reducing and toxicity-draining herbs may hurt the spleen and stomach. Taking into account the differences in geographical condition and climate is helpful for the treatment of infection. For example, Wuhan, capital of Hubei province and epicenter of the epidemic, experienced many rainy days following the epidemic outbreak, which caused the "damp evil". So attention needs to be paid to all the early, middle as well as late recovery stages of people infected by the novel coronavirus, particularly because the healthy qi may not fully recover even after the disease is cured, owing to lingering fatigue, weakness and loss of appetite. In short, to control and prevent the spread of the epidemic, it is important to sincerely follow all the principles of TCM while highlighting the integration of Chinese and Western medicines, and avoiding the abuse of herbs. Thanks to its holistic approach to medical treatment, TCM can help contain and prevent the spread of infectious diseases. The author is president of Fujian University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.
WS5e4c7204a310128217278845	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c7204a310128217278845.html	2020-02-19	Health code lessons from Zhejiang to strengthen fight against coronavirus	A passenger uses a green health code to board a bus in Hangzhou on Feb 17, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] It has been reported that a national, unified epidemic prevention and control health code system－based on Zhejiang province's pilot practice in public management during the current epidemic－will be launched next week. This shows the important role a digitized public management tool can play in fighting an epidemic. The health code refers to an individual QR code giving a person's identity and health condition, registered online by the user. The code serves as a regional "traffic permit "to ensure orderly population flow during an epidemic. The system was launched in Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang province, for urban and enterprise management during the novel coronavirus outbreak. More than 10 million people visited the site on the day it was launched. Such a health code can help effectively monitor the whole population's health condition and movement, making it an essential tool during an epidemic to reduce contact with someone who is infected or has shared space with an infected person. A health code system has been launched in several cities and will now be promoted nationwide. Epidemic control and resumption of work by enterprises are both crucial to win the battle against the virus. If enterprises are unable to restart operations, people's normal lives and epidemic control work will both be seriously hit because of a supply shortage. We should, as much as possible, also reduce the risk of the epidemic spreading after the enterprises restart operations. The invention and use of the health code within a short time shows the great power and advantage of a digitized management tool and big data in urban management, public health management and business administration. It not only provides a rapid, convenient and contactless channel for personal data collection, which is crucial to preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus, but also helps local authorities and enterprises monitor an epidemic situation in real time and effectively prevent and control its spread. In addition, it creates a smooth network for local authorities, public health institutions, citizens, enterprises and employees, and enables a rapid response to any public health emergency. It is hoped that more Internet Plus technologies and products are invented soon to help win the battle against the virus.
WS5e4c65aea31012821727881d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c65aea31012821727881d.html	2020-02-19	Apple cites coronavirus in revenue warning	Apple's warning that its revenue may be lower than expected due to the coronavirus outbreak in China was a factor in the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling Tuesday. The anticipated disruption of the supply chain and reduced sales are key indications of possible impact of the outbreak on international businesses — even if the full effect isn't known. Apple said this quarter's revenue will fall short of the targeted range of $64 billion to $67 billion because the coronavirus outbreak has limited iPhone production and eroded demand in China, where the company gets about 20 percent of its revenue. "Work is starting to resume around the country, but we are experiencing a slower return to normal conditions than we had anticipated," Apple said in a statement. "As a result, we do not expect to meet the revenue guidance we provided for the March quarter." The DJIA fell 165.89 points, or 0.56 percent, and closed at 29,232.19, while the S&P 500 fell 9.87 points, or 0.29 percent, and closed at 3370.29. The Nasdaq Composite index closed up 1.57 points, or 0.02 percent, to 9732.74. Shares of Apple fell $5.95, or 1.83 percent, and closed at $319 a share. The 52-week range is $169.49 to $327.85 a share. Chipmakers, Broadcom, Intel, Qualcomm, Cirrus Logic and Qorvo — all Apple suppliers — also fell Tuesday. But Credit Suisse said it expects the drop in semiconductor stocks to be temporary and it creates a buying opportunity. "We would recommend that investors who can look into (the second half of 2020) and beyond should use weakness to accumulate best-in-class companies with a solid structural outlook," Credit Suisse analysts said in a research note. Despite Tuesday's market dip, the major indices remain close to all-time highs, and the US economy remains strong. The S&P 500 posted about a dozen record closes this year. On Friday, a survey by the University of Michigan showed Americans' view of the economy rose in February. The index of consumer sentiment was 100.9, beating the 99.5 of economists polled by Dow Jones. "Current personal finances as well as evaluations of the national economy each posted large gains," Richard Curtin, chief economist for the Surveys of Consumers, said in a statement. "Net gains in household income and wealth were reported more frequently in early February than at any time prior since 1960." Consumer spending represents about two-thirds of the US gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced in a year. Meanwhile, HSBC Holdings, a British multinational investment bank and financial services company, said it plans to cut about 35,000 jobs and overhaul its businesses after its profit fell by about a third in 2019. The bank said it plans to reduce its global workforce by about 15 percent to 200,000 over the next three years. HSBC said it will sell about $100 billion in assets, reduce the size of its investment bank and close about one-third of its US branches as it refocuses on Asia and the Middle East, where it generates most of its profits. The restructuring is expected to cost $7.2 billion by 2022.
WS5e4c1002a3101282172787f7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c1002a3101282172787f7.html	2020-02-19	Psychiatric hospitals should better care for mental patients during novel coronavirus outbreak	Psychiatric hospitals and neighborhood authorities are required to better manage and care for the mentally ill patients during the novel coronavirus outbreak, a circular released Tuesday by the central government said. The move was aimed at improving management and preventing mental patients from becoming sources of infections in communities or at mental facilities, the document said. The circular said 323 people with mental disorders have been diagnosed with novel coronavirus pneumonia, and 43 others may have the disease. While the patients are scattered across 17 provinces, most are in Wuhan. The circular said mental hospitals are required draft plans to cope with the outbreak and work with local medical facilities. In addition, mental hospitals are required to conduct regular disinfections, reduce family visits and set up isolation rooms in an effort to minimize cross-infection risks. The circular also required tightened screening for newcomers, and suspected cases should be put under quarantine or transferred to designated sites and reported to local epidemic prevention authorities. Neighborhood authorities are required pay regular visits to homes with mentally ill patients to make sure that they take medication as instructed and that suspected coronavirus cases are isolated. In addition, isolation facilities should be informed of their mental conditions, so that they could seek help from staff at mental hospitals, the circular said. For extremely unstable mental patients, neighborhood authorities shall contact psychiatric hospitals and seek long distance consultations, the circular said.
WS5e4c8e84a310a2fabb7a247a	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/19/WS5e4c8e84a310a2fabb7a247a.html	2020-02-19	Chinese envoy seeks to calm coronavirus fears	The Chinese consul-general in New York enjoyed dim sum while visiting Chinese communities over the weekend as part of an effort to ease anxieties about the novel coronavirus outbreak. To encourage people to go about their lives and show support for Chinese restaurant owners and merchants, envoy Huang Ping, with his wife and officials at the Consulate General, visited Chinese communities in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens. During the visits, the group ate at Chinese restaurants along with local Chinese residents and community leaders, exchanging views about the impact of the epidemic on businesses in the Chinese community. "Today I came to Brooklyn and had two breakfasts in a row, which is satisfying," Huang said during a visit to the Chinatown in Sunset Park on Sunday morning. "I am glad to see that the two restaurants are full of diners today." Peter Lin, owner of the 99 Favor Taste, Chinese Hot Pot and Barbecue chain restaurants in New York, said that in the past, business would decline gradually after the Spring Festival, but had never dropped so dramatically as it has this year. Huang told attendees that the virus is now under control in China. "As the fight against the epidemic continues to bear fruit in China, public confidence is being restored." Huang said that there are few cases in the United States, and none in New York state so far, so there is no need to panic, he said. Fifteen cases have been reported in the country. Huang believes that the business impact will be temporary and soon return to normal. "New York City is safe; Chinatown has great food and a great shopping atmosphere, so I hope everyone could come here to enjoy the weekend," he said. Huang also expressed his gratitude to the Chinese communities for their "selfless support and dedication" in the fight against the epidemic in China. Huang expressed his wishes for the resumption of normal personnel exchanges between China and the United States as soon as possible, as "it would benefit the two countries and peoples", he said. The consul-general and his colleagues also visited shops and bought fruit after dim sum to cheer up small merchants. Huang went to Flushing, Queens, on Sunday afternoon and visited Chinese supermarkets and restaurants with state Senator Toby Ann Stavisky and City Council members Peter Koo and Rory Lancman. On Feb 13, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio visited Flushing and had dim sum at the Royal Queen in New World Mall, attempting to ease anxiety about the coronavirus. "The mayor came to Flushing a few days ago, and now Consul General Huang is here. It's encouraging for Chinese merchants," said William Shao, president of the New World Mall. Shao told World Journal that business has been improving in recent days. "I hope the outbreak will end soon, and the community will be back to normal," he said. xiaohong@chinadailyusa.com   Huang Ping (in vest), Chinese consul-general in New York, and his wife, Zhang Aiping, have dim sum in Manhattan Chinatown on Saturday with local residents. LIAO PAN/CHINA NEWS SERVICE    
WS5e4becc7a3101282172787ea	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4becc7a3101282172787ea.html	2020-02-18	Chinese firm in Kenya says suspected coronavirus case a false alarm	Sinohydro Corporation Ltd, a Chinese company operating in Kenya, has dismissed as false the claims made by a section of the Kenyan press about a Chinese national displaying novel coronavirus symptoms in the country's Kitui county. The company said that the person in question was placed under the 14-day quarantine recommended by the Chinese Embassy in Kenya for all Chinese nationals flying into Kenya from China.  "The mentioned staff arrived at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport at 3 pm on 16th Feb. 2020, left the airport by official and right procedures, and then arrived at Kitui at 7 pm to be quarantined," Synohydro Corporation said in the statement. "As requested by the Chinese Embassy in Kenya and our company headquarters, all the Chinese staff quarantined in the campsite must wear face masks and have no contact with others for the sake of public health." According to reports appearing on The Star newspaper in Nairobi, a Chinese national working with the Synohydro Corporation, which is carrying out road construction in Kitui county, has been isolated  for displaying symptoms similar to those of coronavirus. The report quoted Richard Muthoka, the Kitui county chief officer for health, saying that health officials have been dispatched and are on the ground to carry out an investigation. The rumor about the possible coronavirus case was triggered by an anonymous tip by alleged workers at Synohydro Corporation and was widely shared on social media. "There is a Chinese man who is the project manager and he has been sneaked into the country from Wuhan China," reads the anonymous note in part. Synohydro Corp clarified that the individual in question is not from Hubei province in China and welcomed the Kenyan government to send its health officers to monitor the staff quarantined as a result of the Chinese Embassy's precautionary directive. "The individual in question is from Hebei Province and not Hubei Province in which Wuhan city is located. We welcome Kenyan health officials to examine and monitor the quarantined staff and we will have close communication with the ministry of health for any assistance," Synohydro Corporation said.
WS5e4bb148a31012821727878e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4bb148a31012821727878e.html	2020-02-18	Additional 88 people from Diamond Princess diagnosed with coronavirus	Passengers are seen on the cruise ship Diamond Princess, as the vessel's passengers continue to be tested for coronavirus, at Daikoku Pier Cruise Terminal in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, Japan Feb 18, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Japan's Health Ministry says 88 further people from Diamond Princess diagnosed with coronavirus, bringing the total to 542, according to NHK.  The Diamond Princess, owned by Carnival Corp, has been quarantined since arriving in Yokohama, southwest of Tokyo, on Feb 3, after a man who disembarked in Hong Kong before it traveled to Japan was diagnosed with the virus. The ship, with about 3,700 passengers and crew, has the most coronavirus infections outside China. Those testing positive are transferred to Japanese hospitals. No one from the ship has died of the virus. Reuters  
WS5e4b8aa1a3101282172786df	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b8aa1a3101282172786df.html	2020-02-18	Xi'an builds emergency hospital for coronavirus treatment	None
WS5e4b87c0a3101282172786d1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b87c0a3101282172786d1.html	2020-02-18	Medical workers make inroads in battle against coronavirus	None
WS5e4b7c45a310128217278653	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b7c45a310128217278653.html	2020-02-18	Wuhan doctor shares self-treatment after coronavirus infection	Yu Changping is a respiratory doctor at Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University. After the outbreak, he was infected with novel coronavirus whilst working. Throughout his treatment, he recorded short videos sharing his story of contracting and treating the disease. He also encourages the public not to be scared. Stay positive. From the hospital to the internet, he's always been fighting on the front line. Reported by Meng Zhe & Wang Xiaoying, Edited by Liu Hao
WS5e4b7c03a31012821727864d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b7c03a31012821727864d.html	2020-02-18	Wuhan hospital president dies of novel coronavirus pneumonia	File photo of Liu Zhiming. [Photo from Wuhan Wuchang Hospital's WeChat account] Liu Zhiming, president of Wuhan Wuchang Hospital in Hubei province, died of the novel coronavirus pneumonia at 10:30 am on Tuesday despite medical efforts, according to a report of China Central Television. The hospital, which is located on Yangyuan Street in the city’s Wuchang district, is a high-level hospital and one of the seven designated hospitals for the epidemic treatment in Wuhan. Wuhan media reported in 2018 that Liu is a leading figure in neurosurgery. On Friday, the National Health Commission said at a news conference that a total of 1,716 medical workers had been confirmed with the infection as of Feb 11, and six passed away.
WS5e4b65aea3101282172785fa	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b65aea3101282172785fa.html	2020-02-18	All passengers reaching Thailand from Westerdam cruise test negative for coronavirus	BANGKOK - Thailand's Ministry of Transport on Monday announced that all the 27 Westerdam cruise ship passengers who arrived in Thailand have tested negative for the novel coronavirus. These passengers, who disembarked in Cambodia and came to Thailand, have tested negative and been allowed to continue to go to their destinations, said Transport Minister Saksayam Chidchob. Two Thai passengers onboard the luxury cruise also showed no symptom of the coronavirus disease, now known as COVID-19. The Westerdam cruise, carrying 1,455 passengers and a crew of 802, docked at southwest Cambodia's sea port of Sihanoukville on Thursday after being denied entry to port by Thailand, Japan, China's Taiwan, Guam and the Philippines amid fears over COVID-19. As of Monday, a member of a Chinese family visiting Thailand tested positive for coronavirus infection, bringing the number of confirmed cases in Thailand to 35, Thai Health Ministry's Department of Disease Control said Monday. The department will adjust its detection process by putting more focus on people from Hong Kong and Taiwan, and closely monitoring visitors from Japan and Singapore, where the risk alert has been lifted to the third level. The ministry has prepared measures and plans in case the risk alert in Thailand is lifted to the third level from the second.
WS5e4b504da3101282172785a7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b504da3101282172785a7.html	2020-02-18	The impact of the coronavirus epidemic on art institutions	Visitors watch an artwork for auction during a media preview of the Christie's Hong Kong autumn auction 2019 in Hong Kong, South China, Nov 21, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] With the outbreak of COVID-19, the art industry has also been hit by the epidemic. The major auction houses, art institutions, and artists around the world have taken various measures to cope with the impact of their original work plans. International auctioneers adjust the auction schedules In New York each March, Christie's and Sotheby's hold special auctions during Asian Art Week. But this year, March's auction houses have been quiet. Two major auction houses, Christie's and Sotheby's, announced the postponement of special auction during New York's Asian Art Week because of immigration restrictions and concerns about the health of staff and attendees. On February 7, Christie's New York auction house announced that sales during Asia Art Week, originally scheduled for March, would be postponed to June. Christie's Hong Kong auction, scheduled for March during the Art Basel, has also been postponed until the end of May. The art dealers who have suffered as a result of the border closures and forced quarantines said they understand the priority is to stop the spread of the virus. "During this year's Asian Art Week, many colleagues and collectors from Asia were unable to attend due to the outbreak of pneumonia caused by the virus. Considering all the circumstances, we decided to postpone the event," a Christie's staff member told The Art mewspaper. The influence has spread across borders Following the announcement of the cancellation of Art Basel in Hong Kong exhibition on February 7, Art Central also announced the cancellation of this year's exhibition. The Art newspaper reported that from the impact on art institutions and exhibitions to the effect on artists themselves, the range of this influence has already crossed borders. According to the 2019 Art Basel and UBS Global Art Market Report, China was the world's third-largest art market in 2018, accounting for 19 percent of the $67 billion spent on art that year (the top two, the US and the UK, accounted for 44 percent and 21 percent respectively). Even institutions far less dependent on Chinese customers, such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Broadway Theatre in New York, are watching closely. In Paris, the Louvre said attendance had not dropped. But according to the latest figures released by the Louvre, 800,000 of its 10 million visitors in 2018 came from China. Efforts from art institutions According to the survey data from February 5 to February 11, provided by Art Market Monitor of Artron (AMMA), many art institutions have also done a lot of voluntary work to combat the impact of the epidemic. The data showed that 81.5 percent of respondents delayed the resumption of work or extended the closing time in order to achieve isolation better and avoid personnel gathering. To control the spread of the epidemic, 55.3 percent of respondents conducted disinfection at work and business sites and strengthened personnel screening. There is 45.5 percent of the respondents enhanced the transfer of offline business activities and content to online. In some art-related activities amid epidemic, 21.8 percent of art institutions or practitioners supported the fight against the outbreak through making art posters; 21.2 percent of the organizations or personnel made donations or material donations; 20.8 percent of respondents provided free services or products to society during the outbreak; 9.9 percent of the respondents organized or participated in the benefit auction. Respondents said the priority now is to rebuild confidence in the industry, attract collectors back to the market, rebuild the mental health of art workers and reshape the perception and influence of China's art industry in the world, reported Artron. Secondly, museums and institutions should take this opportunity to find new market and operation modes, such as the traditional offline exhibition should be transformed into an online exhibition, or building an online gallery platform. Some interviewees also suggested that the public welfare value of art should be given full play, and the public should be comforted by art forms. Through art, people should discover the beauty of life and nature, guide them to love life more, and encourage them to live in harmony with nature.
WS5e4b4ee0a31012821727856f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b4ee0a31012821727856f.html	2020-02-18	WHO-China expert team begins coronavirus field inspections	BEIJING -- A joint expert team consisting of experts from China and the World Health Organization Monday began field inspections on the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak, a Chinese health official said Monday. The expert team is scheduled to go to Beijing, Guangdong Province and Sichuan Province to conduct inspections, said Mi Feng, spokesperson for the National Health Commission (NHC), at a press conference. A symposium was held by the NHC Sunday, which was attended by nearly 80 people, including joint expert team members and representatives from the State Council's joint prevention and control mechanism, Mi said. At the symposium, NHC deputy director Li Bin briefed attendees on nationwide prevention and control measures, vowed to work with the international community to address the challenge of the epidemic and welcomed suggestions from the expert team, according to Mi. Representatives from State Council ministries and administrations introduced their prevention and control work. The attendees talked with Hubei, the virus-hit province, during a teleconference, and discussed the epidemic situation, control and prevention measures in communities and rural areas, wildlife management and drug and vaccine development. The joint expert team acknowledged China's prevention and control measures, as well as the dedication of Chinese medical workers, Mi said. During its field trip in Beijing Monday, the joint expert team visited the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing Ditan Hospital and the Anhuali Community in Chaoyang District, and conducted technical exchanges with related officials and experts. The team members will depart for Guangdong province and Sichuan province on Tuesday.
WS5e4b4ed2a31012821727856e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b4ed2a31012821727856e.html	2020-02-18	Cyclica develops drug reuse plan for novel coronavirus	Facing the epidemic, Canadian AI medical company Cyclica has formulated a potential drug reuse plan for novel coronavirus pneumonia to accelerate the screening of effective drugs. In the past few weeks, in response to novel coronavirus, Canadian AI medical company Cyclica has formulated a potential drug reuse plan based on MatchMaker, a self-developed proteome screening engine, and selected some potentially effective drugs from the drugs that have been approved by tge FDA and are considered safe to be applied clinically, forming the candidate database PolypharmDB. The company then searched for potential conjugates of human targets related to the pathogenesis of novel coronavirus pneumonia through PolypharmDB. Up to now, Cyclica has modeled two therapy-related novel coronavirus pneumonia proteins and identified 10 potential effective drugs based on existing coronavirus structures and recent genomic studies. These drugs are currently under review by pharmaceutical chemists and biochemists. Cyclica is willing to share the results and provide the molecules to appropriate partners. Cyclica has formulated a potential drug reuse plan for novel coronavirus pneumonia. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] In response to novel coronavirus pneumonia, Cyclica evaluated the efficacy of the drugs that have been approved by the FDA and are considered safe to be applied clinically. Through MatchMaker, Cyclica scanned 6,700 approved drugs and drug candidates that had undergone at least Phase I clinical trials, and screened them one by one for the entire human proteome, forming the database PolypharmDB. Cyclica then searched for potential conjugates of human targets related to the pathogenesis of novel coronavirus pneumonia through PolypharmDB. Based on existing coronavirus structures and recent genomic studies, Cyclica has modeled two therapy-related novel coronavirus pneumonia proteins. The first is called 3C protease (3Cprot), which is essential for virus replication; the second is spike glycoprotein, which binds to human host cells and induces virus invasion. Cyclica added this information to PolypharmDB, and evaluated whether the pharmaceutical molecules can interact with viral targets through MatchMaker. By searching for the expanded PolypharmDB, molecules that interact with a given viral target are identified. Using this method, Cyclica identified 10 drugs that bind to 3C proteases relatively well compared to human proteins (about 9,000 in number). These drugs are currently under review by pharmaceutical chemists and biochemists. Cyclica is willing to share relevant results Although Cyclica has reviewed the references and scientifically evaluated them, it has not validated the target effects of these molecules through experiments, because the biological detection methods required for validation are temporarily not available. However, given the urgency of the situation, Cyclica is willing to share relevant results to promote research. If you are interested in the selected drugs, please contact Cyclica directly. Cyclica is willing to provide the molecules for free.
WS5e4b4e39a310128217278564	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b4e39a310128217278564.html	2020-02-18	China's stock exchange moves to support fight against coronavirus	The SSE encouraged technological innovation enterprises related to epidemic prevention and control to be listed on China's sci-tech innovation board (STAR), according to a statement on its website. [Photo/Sipa] BEIJING -- The Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) stepped up efforts to support the country's fight against the coronavirus epidemic. The SSE encouraged technological innovation enterprises related to epidemic prevention and control to be listed on China's sci-tech innovation board (STAR), according to a statement on its website. Firms are motivated to complete roadshows through the internet and phone calls, make timely adjustments to their offering schedules and hold online listing ceremonies, said the exchange. Noting firms' difficulties in completing auditing work and disclosing the 2019 annual report and the 2020 first-quarter report on time amid the epidemic outbreak, the exchange postponed the disclosure of annual reports for more than 70 firms and extended the time limit on mergers and acquisitions. The SSE also granted special support to Hubei province, waiving initial listing costs and this year's annual fee for companies from the region as well as approving the first exchange-traded fund supporting Hubei's infrastructure construction. Enterprises from Hubei and other regions severely affected by the epidemic, as well as companies raising funds for epidemic control, are provided with direct financing and a "green channel" for issuance review of corporate bonds and asset-backed securities.
WS5e4b3f56a310128217278484	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b3f56a310128217278484.html	2020-02-18	The coronavirus should bring us together, not fan hate	When vice chairman of Kissinger Associates Joshua Cooper Ramo wrote in his op-ed that the coronavirus is a test not just for China but the whole new, connected world, he became the latest outsider to justify China's effort in fighting the disease outbreak. Over the past month, global sentiments toward China and its government at all levels have been delicately changing from being offensive and denunciatory to one of empathy and concern. From the tagline "coronavirus Made in China" on the cover of a Der Spiegel issue to the headline "Sinophobia won't save you from the coronavirus" on Al Jazeera, from French tabloid Le Courier Picard's "Alerte jaune" to strangers hugging a girl holding a placard reading "Hug me! I'm not a virus," rationality in the global media discourse is emerging out of the nationalism, racism, politicization and xenophobia that have come about due to the panic caused by the constant reports on the coronavirus. As time goes by, we are also seeing the best in people. These past two weeks have been a masterclass in on-the-ground reporting. Since the coronavirus outbreak caused mass paralysis in cities throughout China, several of my colleagues have been reporting in Wuhan – the epicenter of the outbreak – while I stayed in Beijing interviewing people who have to soldier on despite their fear and self-doubt in order to keep the megacity running. Moving around the Chinese capital has not been easy, not only because of the limited number of taxi and DiDi drivers left during the extended Spring Festival holiday, but also due to the bone-chilling winds and snowfall plaguing the waning days of winter. Even with the eerie calm that has descended on the usually bustling Chinese capital — with many cloistered in their homes for fear of catching the coronavirus — some are still out and about because the show must go on. From the deliveryman who has to serve over 80 households each day to the auntie who continues to screen residents who may have the infection even after breaking her arm, there is a sense of community in trying to persevere in the face of adversity. The media focus has understandably been on the number of people who have been infected by the novel coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19), where it's spreading to, and the amount of new confirmed and suspected cases. More striking are the reports of Chinese and other people of Asian descent who are suffering from discrimination — both subtle and blatant — because of deep-seated xenophobia and historical biases. From schools to the workplace to even restaurants in ubiquitous Chinatowns the world over, there is the notion that this virus is a "Chinese disease" in the ugliest sense of the term. Chinese and other Asians are considered by some people to be unclean, with social media posts and videos lambasting the people for their culinary tastes and sense of hygiene. Despite these disheartening instances, there have been more consequential acts demonstrating that we are ultimately a global community. Japanese organizations have held fundraising campaigns to get money and equipment to medical personnel in areas hit hard by the coronavirus, including the ground zero city of Wuhan. The Japanese Education Ministry even urged parents to teach their children not to discriminate against their Chinese peers. Americans are donating masks and other much-needed medical supplies to Chinese organizations, cleaning out the stocks of large U.S. retailers such as Walmart and Home Depot. Overseas Chinese are raising money en masse through online campaigns and through local cultural organizations so that their brethren in China can tackle this crisis. During this period of fear and uncertainty, the helping hands who selflessly put their lives on the line and regular people trying to go about their daily lives are an encouraging reminder that we are all in this together. Labeling the novel coronavirus a "Chinese disease" or singling out those of Chinese descent is counterproductive in containing its spread and treating infected individuals. There should not be an "us vs. them" mentality in a world that is connected, not only economically, but through personal and professional ties that transcend national borders. Fear of the unknown is understandable but should not be used to justify acts of discrimination. Empathy at times like this is difficult to muster — but doing the right thing has never been easy.
WS5e4b3f51a310128217278481	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b3f51a310128217278481.html	2020-02-18	Sinophobia won't protect racists from coronavirus	Editor's Note: Md Enamul Hassan is a diplomatic correspondent of the Daily Sun, an English broadsheet daily in Bangladesh. The article reflects the author's views and not necessarily those of CGTN. Epidemics are not a new phenomenon. There have been many viral outbreaks since the beginning of times. Unfortunately the new coronavirus outbreak in China seems to have failed to draw sympathy, solidarity and cooperation from many in the West, who have tried to use the health crisis as a tool to denigrate China. Many Western media outlets are running smear campaigns against China, trying to convince the world that China itself is liable for the outbreak. The worst they are doing is socially stigmatizing and isolating Chinese people from the rest of the world. In doing so, some Western media are spreading misinformation about the outbreak. For example, the weekly German magazine Der Spiegel published a cover suggesting that the virus had been made in China. The Daily Mail also spread misinformation by promoting a video showing a young Chinese woman biting into a bat, falsely suggesting it was shot in Wuhan and that the cause of the outbreak was due to locals eating bats. The video was in fact filmed in 2016 by the Chinese blogger in Palau, a small Pacific island country, to showcase local cuisine. Some international media outlets have also demonstrated their sinophobia tendencies in their coverage. For instance, Australia's most circulated newspapers – Melbourne's Herald Sun and Sydney's Daily Telegraph – have respectively published provocative headlines, "Chinese virus pandamonium," alluding to the giant pandas, and "China kids stay home." French newspaper Le Courrier Picard featured an Asian woman wearing a mask on its front page with the headline "Yellow Alert," the same paper also titled an editorial "A New Yellow Peril." Dutch radio DJ Lex Gaarthuis presented a song named Voorkomen is beter dan Chinezen (Prevention is better than eating Chinese food). Through running such misleading stories, they are intentionally igniting sinophobia, hostility against Chinese people and dislike of China-made goods. Though anti-Chinese racism has a long history in the West, it has long been prevailing in silence. But the media have brought it to the limelight after the outbreak. This is nothing but a propaganda war against the world's second-largest economy. Chinese President Xi Jinping has said his country has carried out national mobilization, across-the-board deployment and swift responses, adopted the most comprehensive and rigorous measures for prevention and control, and launched a people's war against the epidemic. The efforts are gradually yielding positive results. China is dedicated to safeguarding the lives and health of not only its own people but also people all over the world. With an open, transparent and responsible attitude, China has kept the World Health Organization (WHO) as well as relevant countries and regions, including the United States, posted on the epidemic, and invited WHO and other experts to conduct field visits in Wuhan, the central Chinese city that is the epicenter of the outbreak. However, some media outlets have turned a blind eye to those effective and timely measures to fight the virus. They are going ahead with their propaganda war. They are running news of the epidemic as if the Chinese and their products are themselves the virus. This is an unfair and racist attitude to disgrace the Chinese before the world. This propaganda has contributed to increasing incidents of sinophobia around the West. The Chinese are reportedly falling victim to discrimination, isolation and hate crimes. But grisly racism in the 21st century is in no way tolerable. The world conscience has to stand against the crime of racism that the West is committing to bring down their political, economic and ideological competitor – China. On the other hand, the West must realize that igniting sinophobia is not a solution to prevent the outbreak. They have to forge ahead all-out cooperation with China to fight the epidemic before it gets much worse. For the sake of keeping humanity safe from the contagion, the West must turn their sinophobia into sinophilia. The sooner they shun the way of racism, the sooner the world can defeat the new coronavirus. For now, humankind has nothing to expect except getting rid of the epidemic.
WS5e4b3f4fa31012821727847f	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b3f4fa31012821727847f.html	2020-02-18	Talk of decoupling absurd amid joint efforts to combat the coronavirus	Editor's Note: The following article is taken from the Chinese-language opinion column, "The Real Point." A World Health Organization-led team made up of experts from various countries, including the United States, began field inspections in China on Monday assessing the prevention and control of the new coronavirus outbreak. It reflects China’s adherence to the principle of openness and transparency in strengthening epidemic prevention and control cooperation with the international community. It’s aimed not only at protecting the well-being of Chinese people, but also to safeguard the wider global interest. China’s epidemic prevention and control measures have won praise from a host of other countries as well as the World Health Organisation. WHO Director General, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, has said that “The steps China has taken to contain the outbreak at its source appear to have bought the world time.” The number of confirmed cases of infection outside China accounts for less than one percent of the total. But despite the WHO’s advice against imposing travel or trade restrictions, the U.S. government decided to enforce limitations anyway. Some politicians and analysts even took the opportunity to preach the concept of economic decoupling from China. Such a move would be ridiculous. From the perspective of business, China is a global manufacturing powerhouse and its comparative advantage in the global supply chain has long been proved. It would not only be extremely expensive but also unrealistic to establish an industrial chain as comprehensive as the one in China in the short term. That’s why when China extended its Spring Festival holiday due to the outbreak, international automakers were left to face the problem of a shortage of parts. China is also a leading consumer market. That’s why when the country’s demand for seafood dropped sharply during the outbreak New Zealand fishermen are having to return hundreds of tons of crayfish back to the sea. From the perspective of dealing with global challenges faced by humanity, collaboration rather than isolation is the key to tackling such problems as pandemics (e.g. MERS, Ebola, 2009 H1N1 flu) and climate change. That’s why former U.S. treasury secretary Henry Paulson warned against the decoupling of the United States and China when addressing the New Economy Forum in Beijing saying that “If we decouple economically, good luck trying to work together to combat common foes such as nuclear proliferation, climate change, global pandemics, or any of the other threats to global stability.” In contrast to those peddling the theory of decoupling amid the spread of the new coronavirus, many American business people are trying to build up global cooperation by providing assistance. Steve Orlins, president of the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations, told the NBC News that “With such deep economic ties to China, multinational companies are motivated to donate to support relief efforts.” The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has pledged up to 100 million dollars to coronavirus relief efforts. And Boeing has announced a donation of 250,000 medical-grade respiratory masks to address medical supply shortages in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak. The virus knows no boundaries. The "decoupling" idea runs counter to global consensus. Only solidarity and cooperation without prejudice or hatred can help humanity overcome the virus.
WS5e4b3e55a31012821727846b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b3e55a31012821727846b.html	2020-02-18	Only a China solution can combat coronavirus	Not to long ago, I wrote a column for China Daily, "China Shall Overcome," observing that the Chinese people and nation have overcome one crisis after another in the past, and have the wherewithal and determination to do this again facing the coronavirus crisis. I wrote this column, even while the infections in Hubei province were climbing. Why? I have both observed and participated in many of the reforms and policies of China to overcome challenges over the four decades living here. I have seen a consistent pattern of unity and cooperation among the Chinese people, and meticulous coordination of government policies when faced with a crisis or challenge. Experience has shown me, time and again, when a crisis occurs, China's leadership faces it with a rational clear-headedness. Something seems to kick into the subconscious of both people and they work together in synergy with the organizational institutions of government to overcome these moments of crisis. This pattern has been reoccurring throughout my life living in China and I believe that it is an innate aspect of the Chinese collective unconscious that has roots in Confucian tradition. Philosophical influences that are both Taoist and Buddhist embedded in the national cultural psyche allow for adept flexibility in response to crisis and a vision of positive hope when faced with negative adversity. This ability to see positive through negative and to use that perception to turn even the most difficult situations into advantages is a deeply rooted part of Chinese culture and the collective unconscious of the Chinese people. At times of prosperity, when things are going well, everybody is out there doing their own thing. But in those moments of crisis everybody comes together. This is unique to the Chinese culture that allows them to respond and work together. This is what we see happening during this incredible coronavirus crisis. Where on earth could you have 100 million plus people stay at home and self-quarantine as part of a coordinated government policy? This represents a collective response to an unprecedented epidemic. There are very few places in the world where everyone can come together in a patient collective force. This is unique to China and its people. China has cordoned and locked down Hubei province. This is an act of responsibility not only to its own people, but to the global community as well. We are all aware now of the deathly potency of this coronavirus and the unexplainable occurrence of its rapid airborne spread. The ability to lock down and isolate is the first step to be able to contain any virus. But if you imagine the scale of what is happening in Hubei province to prevent this from affecting other parts of China and the world as a whole, it is incredible. This is a true act of global humanitarian responsibility. Even at China's own economic and social costs. When you talk about humanitarianism this is an act in the global interest. This ability of the Chinese culture, social fabric of its people and the organizational capability of the institutions that have been established in the country are what allow China to respond quickly, decisively and collectively to a crisis of unbelievable and unforeseeable proportion. Under such circumstances where the threat of this coronavirus is a threat to anybody, we can see everybody is collectively and patiently staying at home. Self-isolation and working at home remotely, working around the dangers in order to meet this challenge. I don't think one would see this response in any of the Western countries whose politicians and mainstream media are so quick to criticize China for everything it does. This is a distinctive, collective response among people to work and bond together in order to get through this crisis together. One of the reasons why China is able to respond so effectively is the system of macro-management that evolved to address economic reform but is now being used to address a health and humanitarian crisis. Throughout the 1980s to 1990s, a system evolved of state guidance of the economy, together with checks and balances to prevent economic crisis, and the ability to tighten and loosen valves to allow the market to function in free flow, or to use administrative means to guide the market toward more stable conditions to prevent volatility. This is in the interest of everyone collectively rather than the self-interest of a few. Of course this coronavirus is having an impact on China's economy. Shops are closed, movement of goods restricted. This will have implications throughout the entire chain of production, transport and supplies not only in China but globally. It's interesting to observe that despite the slowdown in China that the USA stock market has continued rocketing to the highest levels historically. This is very strange at a time when the fundamentals of that economy are not good, and social divisions also at their greatest. It calls for even more questioning given the chain of product supplies in the USA coming from China. Even the high-tech service companies that dominate accumulated capital market wealth are totally dependent upon China's supply chain for their product parts. So why is the market so high? We could see this as a projection of a perception of economic decoupling or fragmentation of the globalization system that has existed. We see America's isolationist policies causing alienation of other nations such as China. So it is foreseeable that we could see more collaborative arrangements in Asia, not only in economic policy and business, but also in combatting disease and crisis. This may be just a natural evolution of the times we live in now. Once we get though this stage of containment and control of the coronavirus and its spread, then China will enter a new stage of its own economic growth, a reboot period. The same types of reforms applied to business and enterprise and economy now need to be applied to the healthcare sector. These are areas that now offer opportunity for more state investment and private investment and there will be a new growth era with breakthroughs. In science, technology and AI for healthcare. I believe these are areas where China will lead in bringing together other countries of the region, such as India, where there are similar challenges with population concentrations, water and food security, and healthcare. We could see a new regional growth and economic revitalization. It is a question of using negative to create positive. That is core to Chinese philosophy and culture. Laurence Brahm is a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization, founding director of the Himalayan Consensus and co-chair of the Silk-Spice Road Dialogues. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e4b21faa310128217278338	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b21faa310128217278338.html	2020-02-18	Facts about the novel coronavirus - Myths busted	 
WS5e4b21f8a31012821727832e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4b21f8a31012821727832e.html	2020-02-18	Rice grown in Hubei carries novel coronavirus?	[Photo/VCG]   Rumors claim rice grown in Hubei province, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, may carry the virus, and people shouldn't eat the rice produced there. The truth is that rice is not a host for virus, and the virus cannot replicate and proliferate on a rice grain. And it loses vitality during the storage of rice, according to the platform for alerting the public about online rumors operated by the Cyberspace Administration of China.
WS5e4adf69a3101282172782db	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4adf69a3101282172782db.html	2020-02-18	China's latest coronavirus data enhances understanding	The World Health Organization has said that the latest data from China helps it better understand the novel coronavirus disease, known as COVID-19, enabling it to provide better advice to member countries. By 6:00 am Geneva time on Monday, China reported a total of 70,635 cases of COVID-19, including 1,772 deaths. In the last 24 hours, 2,051 new cases, which include both clinically confirmed and lab confirmed cases, were reported. Some 94 percent of new cases come from Hubei province. Outside China, there were 694 cases in 25 countries and three deaths, the WHO announced. "As more data comes in from China, we are starting to get a clearer picture of the outbreak. How it's developing and where it could be headed," said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. China on Monday published a paper with detailed data on more than 44,000 confirmed cases of COVID-19, which provides a better understanding about the age range of people affected, the severity of their diseases and the mortality rate. "It is very important in enabling WHO to provide good evidence-based advice to countries," Tedros said. While the data appears to show a decline of new cases, Tedros warned that the trend must be interpreted cautiously. "Trends could change as new populations are affected. It's too early to tell if this decline will continue. Every scenario is still on the table," he said. The WHO chief said that COVID-19 does not appear as deadly compared with other coronavirus including SARS and MERS. Data shows that more than 80 percent of patients have a mild form of the disease and will recover. In about 14 percent of the cases, the virus causes severe disease, including pneumonia and shortness of breath. And about 5 percent of the patients have a critical form, such as respiratory failure and multiple organ failure. In 2 percent of the reported cases, the virus is fatal, and the risk of that increases with age. "We see relatively few cases among children. More research is needed to understand why," Tedros said. He called on countries to seize the window of opportunity still left now. "We need resources now to ensure countries are prepared now. We don't know how long this window of opportunity will remain open. Let's not squander it," he said. Tedros said a WHO international team of experts is now on the ground in China working with Chinese counterparts to better understand the outbreak. Michael Ryan, executive director of the WHO's Health Emergencies Program, said the team had important face-to-face meetings with their Chinese counterparts. "It's excellent to see such eminent international experts working side by side with their Chinese counterparts," he said. He said the team would visit the provinces to see things "on the ground" and continue their work together.
WS5e4cab28a310128217278aef	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/18/WS5e4cab28a310128217278aef.html	2020-02-18	Li Keqiang Chairs Meeting of Central Leading Group On Responding to the Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia Outbreak	On 17 February, Li Keqiang, Member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Premier of the State Council, and head of the Central Leading Group on Responding to the Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia Outbreak, chaired a meeting of the leading group. The meeting heard briefings by relevant working groups of the inter-agency task force. The briefings concluded that the all-out control efforts nationwide had lowered the epidemic peak, weakened its intensity, and staved off the wider spread of the virus. The outbreak is trending in a positive direction in the country overall, although the epidemic situation in the epicenter of Wuhan and Hubei remains fluid and complex. As work and production gradually resume in most parts of the country, local authorities must not relent in their response efforts, not even in the slightest way. The meeting urged intensified efforts in the city of Wuhan and Hubei Province to enhance case screening, increase hospital beds, and effectively raise the admission rate and lower the infection rate. Diagnostic and therapeutic solutions should be improved and the best medical professionals pooled to treat severe cases. Clinically effective drugs should be distributed expeditiously to forestall an increase in severe cases as part of the effort to raise the cure rate and lower the case fatality rate. The protection and needs of medical workers must be ensured as a matter of priority, and appropriate rotating should be arranged. The meeting also underscored the need to strike a proper balance between epidemic control and economic and social development. While further pursuing a targeted outbreak response, work and production should be resumed in an orderly way.
WS5e4ab72fa3101282172782d4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4ab72fa3101282172782d4.html	2020-02-17	Bank donates $200,000 to coronavirus relief	The executives of a Sino American bank in Southern California announced Friday that they will donate $200,000 to support the relief efforts during the novel coronavirus outbreak, joining a growing group of Chinese Americans who have responded to help China battle the epidemic. "As an American company built in the Chinese community, we are very saddened by the coronavirus situation in China, and we feel that we should take actions to help out," said Pin Tai, CEO of Cathay Bank, the oldest Chinese American bank in Southern California, which opened in Los Angeles in 1962. The $200,000 will be donated to China Charity Federation through the Chinese Consulate General in Los Angeles. "We are touched by the courage and efforts by the Chinese government and its people in the fight against the epidemic," he said. "We wish all those suffering from the virus a speedy recovery. We hope the epidemic comes to an end soon. Be strong, Wuhan, be strong, China," he added. Zhang Ping, Chinese consul general in Los Angeles, said the Chinese diaspora has been eagerly involved in the relief efforts by donating money and medical supplies to those affected by the pathogen. Since the beginning of the outbreak, many Chinese American organizations in Southern California have banded together to send much needed medical supplies to China and to prevent the fast-moving virus from infecting more people. The Chinese University Alumni Association Alliance of Southern California, made up of 63 alumni associations and around 50,000 alumni who live and work in the region, is one of them. As of Feb 14, the organization reported that it has accumulated $187,208.76 in donations. Leaders at the organization said they are preparing and packaging the fifth batch of relief supplies in a warehouse in Los Angeles. Many other organizations, such as the US Zhejiang Commerce & Culture Association, and the Beijing Association USA also have been organizing donations to help. Zhang recounted touching tales of those in the overseas Chinese community who rushed to aid their fellow Chinese. A group of Chinese international students drove five hours to transport the medical equipment they collected to a logistics company, the diplomat said. They didn't even put their names on the packages, but instead left a note scribbled with the words "sons and daughters of China". Despite his poor pensions, an older gentleman originally from Shandong province came to the consulate general to deliver $500 in person. After the donor left the consulate general, officials received a poem written by him, which read in part, "Chinese across the world, united as one, stand ready to fight the epidemic." Countless individuals in the community are volunteering at logistics companies and various organizations to ensure that crucial medical supplies get shipped to people in need as soon as possible. With the money from Cathay Bank included, the consulate general has received $350,000 from companies, local communities, especially the Chinese community. The donations will be sent to China Charity Federation. Through different channels, the overseas Chinese community has collectively donated nearly $3 million to China. In addition, close to 30 tons of medical supplies worth around $2.5 million have been raised through various mediums, Zhang said. As a result, the consulate general is working with logistics companies, he said. Some individual donors encountered problems which are caused by the complexity of filling out various paper works and navigating the logistics process in order to get their shipments to the hands of health workers in affected regions. To streamline the delivery process, the consulate general is working with two logistics companies which will help lump together the scattered donations from different donors. Donations delivered to the companies will undergo unified transportation and customs declaration procedures. The companies will also offer free delivery services for donations to the relief efforts, he said.
WS5e4a9af2a3101282172782b3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a9af2a3101282172782b3.html	2020-02-17	3,000 medical workers infected with novel coronavirus: Researchers	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] At least 3,000 medical workers across the Chinese mainland have been infected with the novel coronavirus during the nationwide pneumonia outbreak, according to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Epidemic researchers at the Beijing-based center said that by the end of Feb 11, a total of 3,019 medical personnel from 422 hospitals receiving infected patients on the mainland had contracted the highly contagious virus.  The number includes 1,716 confirmed cases (people who tested positive in nucleic acid tests and displayed clinical symptoms), as well as clinically diagnosed cases (not been confirmed in the laboratory but present clinical symptoms looking like they had been infected) and asymptomatic infections (people who test positive in nucleic acid tests but do not show clinical symptoms).  There is a possibility that not all were infected in a professional environment, the center said. Among the infected medical workers, five had died by Feb 11, the researchers said. The number was smaller than that revealed by the National Health Commission, which said on Friday that six medical workers had died by Feb 11.  These findings were included in a report on epidemiological characteristics of the novel coronavirus pneumonia that was published on Monday in the latest issue of the Chinese Journal of Epidemiology. The report also said that, based on an analysis of 1,688 confirmed cases of medical workers with severe symptoms, nearly two-thirds of the affected medical workers were in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province and epicenter of the outbreak.  It also noted that the outbreak's climax among medical workers was highly likely to occur on Jan 28.  The report analyzed 72,314 infection cases, including 44,672 confirmed cases, on the mainland by Feb 11. A total of 1,023 people had died of the contagion by that time. The overall mortality rate of confirmed cases was 2.3 percent. Researchers said the new coronavirus has turned out to be much more infectious that SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, which caused massive outbreaks. However, most people who contract the new virus develop mild symptoms and the mortality rate is comparatively low, according to reseachers.
WS5e4a989ba3101282172782ab	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a989ba3101282172782ab.html	2020-02-17	Global sister regions support Hainan in coronavirus battle	On Feb 4, Wang Meihui, who works in the Foreign Affairs Office of Hainan Province, received a call from Nina, a worker at the Foreign Affairs Office of Southern Moravia in the Czech Republic. "Is everyone all right? Don't worry, we are always with Hainan," she said. Wang noted that while Southern Moravia established sisterhood relationships with Hainan in 2017, the two sides have become closer since the novel coronavirus outbreak. In the following days, more and more international cities and provinces of Hainan reached out to the province in a variety of ways. Won Hee-ryong, the governor of Jeju Special Autonomous Province Governor in the Republic of Korea, recorded a video supporting Hainan. "Jeju Special Autonomous Province will stand with Hainan and other provinces or cities in need across China. Come on, Hainan! Stay strong, China," he said in the video. Other regions like Prince Edward Island in Canada and cities across North America have also expressed their willingness to collect and purchase medical supplies by utilizing their local resources to help Hainan prevent and control the disease. Kang Baiying, deputy director of the Foreign Affairs Office of Hainan Province, noted that more than 20 consolation letters have been received from the province's international sister regions around the world. As Hainan's first international sister province, Hyogo Prefecture of Japan has been especially supportive, as it was the first to lend a helping hand by donating a large number of disposable masks to support Hainan's epidemic prevention and control work. This year marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of sister province relations between Hainan province and Hyogo Prefecture, and the mutual assistance has reflected the deep friendship between the two sides. As of Feb 11, the Foreign Affairs Office of Hainan Province has received a large number of donated masks and latex gloves from Thailand, Japan, Australia, Malaysia, Indonesia, the United States, and other places. In the coming days, another batch of medical masks, goggles, and protective suits donated or commissioned to be purchased by sister provinces and foreign friends will arrive in the South China province. "The mutual care and support between sister regions in difficult times fully demonstrates the love and spirit of internationalism that transcends national boundaries, which also bolsters Hainan's long-term efforts to promote international friendly exchanges," said Wang Sheng, director general of the Foreign Affairs Office of Hainan Province. Wang added that the timely support from all foreign friends will boost the strength, courage, and confidence of Hainan residents in its efforts to win the battle against the epidemic.
WS5e4a9149a3101282172782a4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a9149a3101282172782a4.html	2020-02-17	Cross-discipline collaboration key to Shanghai's fight against novel coronavirus	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020 [Photo/Xinhua] A multidisciplinary team comprising medical professionals who specialize in the treatment of different diseases has been pivotal in Shanghai's fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia, said a leading expert on Monday. Lu Hongzhou, a member on the national expert team of medical treatment of NCP and a professor from the Shanghai Public Health Clinic Center, where confirmed NCP cases in Shanghai are treated, said that the combination of doctors and nurses specializing in respiratory and infectious diseases as well as those from other departments such as cardiology, gastroenterology, geriatrics and anesthesiology has proven to be vital in customizing treatments for patients infected with the virus. He pointed out that this cooperation between the medical professionals is also one of the main reasons why nearly half of the confirmed patients in Shanghai have been cured and discharged from hospital. "Doctors from different leading hospitals have participated and formed a new unified team here," he said. "For example, Ruijin Hospital, which is known for its expertise in respiration matters, has sent a group of doctors to the center, and Zhongshan Hospital has also provided a team that is experienced in ECMO operations." By 12 pm on Monday, 161 patients, including four children, of the 332 confirmed cases in Shanghai have been cured and discharged from hospital. There is currently only one fatality in Shanghai. According to the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission, the only person in the city who lost his life after getting infected with the novel coronavirus was an 88-year-old man who had pre-existing health conditions such as severe hypertension, kidney disease and dysfunctional heart and lung functions. The clinical use of Traditional Chinese Medicine has been another defining characteristic of Shanghai's approach to treating those infected with the virus, Lu said. There are currently more than 10 TCM doctors working in the wards and prescribing TCM therapies to the patients. "More than 90 percent of the patients discharged had undergone TCM therapies. All the patients who are currently warded are undergoing such therapies too," Lu said.
WS5e4a8a76a310128217278299	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a8a76a310128217278299.html	2020-02-17	Researcher denies rumors on novel coronavirus outbreak	Wuhan Institute of Virology. [Photo from the internet] Chen Quanjiao, a researcher with the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a subsidiary of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, issued a statement on Monday, refuting rumors that she had posted any tip-offs amid the novel coronavirus outbreak. According to the statement posted on the institute's website, Chen expressed great indignation over the false use of her identity in a rumor.  On Monday, a rumor went viral online saying Chen reported Wang Yanyi, director of the institute, as leaking the novel coronavirus. Chen's ID number was also attached to a screenshot along with the rumor, which claimed Wang is the culprit responsible for the epidemic, and often takes experimental animals out of the laboratory and sells them at the Huanan Seafood Market, where the novel coronavirus outbreak was first reported. According to the institute's website, Chen has been working on influenza viruses at the institute since 2001. It is not the first time the Wuhan Institute of Virology has been targeted by conspiracy theories. Earlier this month, Shi Zhengli, a researcher at the institute, debunked a rumor that claimed that the novel coronavirus was manufactured and escaped from the institute's most advanced biocontainment lab. This week, the institute refuted another rumor that claimed Huang Yanling, a graduate of the institute, was the first patient diagnosed with the novel coronavirus infection.
WS5e4a8684a310128217278290	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a8684a310128217278290.html	2020-02-17	Instant medicinal soup helps fight against novel coronavirus	The vehicle transporting instant traditional Chinese medicine has been available in the Jiangxia Makeshift Cabin Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, since Feb 14, 2020. [Photo by Wu Yong/www.chinadaily.com.cn] Visitors can spot a vehicle that looks similar to an ambulance at the Jiangxia Makeshift Cabin Hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. Inside the vehicle, however, there are 300 small round boxes marked with the names of traditional Chinese medicines. The vehicle, known as the mobile intelligence emergency TCM pharmacy, boasts some 300 types of TCM in the form of granules stored in the boxes. Working staff on the vehicle can provide all the required medicine in less than 10 minutes, based on prescriptions from the hospital. A medic takes instant traditional Chinese medicine from the vehicle in Wuhan. [Photo provided to www.chinadaily.com.cn] Patients can take the medicine after medical workers help mix it all with boiled water. The vehicle is one of two provided by the Sichuan Neo-Green Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co Ltd, based in Southwest China's Sichuan province. They became available on Jan 27 to assist in the fight against the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, said Zeng Xiaoyun, an official from the company. "It saves time in the fight against the novel coronavirus," said Kang Li, a doctor with the Department of TCM at the Third People's Hospital of Chengdu in Sichuan province. "To drink a medicinal soup, one has to soak all the medicine in water for half an hour before decocting the mixture of water and the medicine inside it on a stove for between 20 and 30 minutes," she said.
WS5e4a8053a310128217278282	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a8053a310128217278282.html	2020-02-17	Last coronavirus patients in Hubei county released from hospital	Shennongjia, a county-level administrative region in Central China's Hubei province, declared on Monday that all 10 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus there had been cured, making it the first area in Hubei with zero confirmed cases. Shennongjia, in the northwest of the outbreak center, had reported a total of 10 confirmed cases since the outbreak. The last two people recovered and were discharged from the hospital on Monday morning. There also was no infection among medical personnel. As of Sunday, there had been no new confirmed cases in Shennongjia for 13 consecutive days. Shennongjia is directly under the administration of the Hubei provincial government, with a total population of 80,000 from 10 different ethnic groups. It reported its first confirmed case on Jan 27.
WS5e4a5d58a310128217278262	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a5d58a310128217278262.html	2020-02-17	Majority of novel coronavirus patients nationwide receive TCM treatments	[Photo/IC] More than 85 percent of novel coronavirus pneumonia patients nationwide have received Traditional Chinese Medicine as a means of treatment, the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine said on Monday. TCM has been applied to 60,107 infected patients, or 85.2 percent, of total infections, as of recently, according to Jiang Jian, chief of the top TCM authority's medical administration and supervision department. As of late Sunday, the number of confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland rose to 70,548. Outside Hubei province, about 87 percent of patients taking TCM medications have either recovered and been discharged from hospitals or exhibited improvements in their condition, Jiang said. TCM has appeared to play a relatively smaller role in Hubei, as Wang Hesheng, head of Hubei Provincial Health Commission, said on Saturday that more than half of confirmed cases in the region have used TCM remedies. Jiang added that over 3,100 medical workers specializing in TCM from 28 provincial-level regions across China have arrived in Hubei to boost the regions' medical care capabilities, and four batches of national-level TCM teams comprising 588 people are now stationed in four medical institutions in Hubei, including the newly-built Leishenshan hospital and a makeshift treatment center in Wuhan's Jiangxia district. TCM scientists also are racing to search for effective TCM drugs and prepare for relevant clinical trials, according to Li Yu, chief of the administration's Science and Technology Department. One herbal concoction, known as Qingfei Paidu Soup, which mixes ephedra and licorice root among other ingredients, has emerged as a promising candidate, Li said. "We are now closely observing 701 patients that are taking the concoction in 10 provincial-level regions," Li said. "Among them, 130 cases have been discharged from hospital, symptoms of 51 cases have abated, and 268 cases have shown improvements." "Available data has pointed to bright prospects in deploying TCM to treat novel coronavirus pneumonia and boosted our confidence in winning the battle against the disease," he added.
WS5e4a5c7ba31012821727825e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a5c7ba31012821727825e.html	2020-02-17	“On-lookers” in novel coronavirus epidemic shall stop their calculations	CHINA DAILY The unhealthy attitude of certain Americans amid the public health emergency of the novel coronavirus pneumonia is becoming more and more annoying for the international society. A recent message posted on social media by Ho Ching, wife of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore, drew wide public attention. Forwarding a report by US media that made irresponsible remarks on China’s political system, Ho questioned that “And what about the influenza B deaths in the USA?” To contain the spread of the novel coronavirus as soon as possible, China has launched a people’s war against the epidemic, adopting the strictest and most thorough measures. Foreign governments and people across the world are also joining China’s efforts to combat the epidemic in different ways. The World Health Organization (WHO) and global public health experts contributed constructive suggestions. However, some US politicians and media outlets have been making tart and even vicious remarks on China’s efforts to contain the epidemic. Their irresponsible attitude presented a sharp contrast with the global efforts to support China. They acted as “on-lookers” who gloated over China’s misfortune. Some even took the “opportunity” to seek political gains, smelling blood in the epidemic regardless of their loss of morality. The arrogance of these Americans is ridiculous, as if they had forgotten how their own country was coping with public health emergencies. When the Zika virus spread over the American continent in 2016, the US was one of the major afflicted areas. The White House requested the Congress to allocate $1.9 billion in February, but encountered a party conflict which was quite “American Style”. Because of the dispute over legislation strategies, the allocation was postponed by 7 months, and only $1.1 billion was available, even though the Democrats and Republicans both understood the importance of the matter. At that time, there were over 23,000 infections in the US and its Commonwealth Puerto Rico, including 2,000 women in pregnancy, the most vulnerable group to the virus. Besides, over 20 infants were found to have congenital defects because of the Zika virus. The actions taken at the critical moment in the battle against epidemics are a mirror that reflects countries’ governance capability. National governance shall take people’s needs as a priority, and the government must spare no effort to meet people’s expectations. The delayed response of the US in the epidemic control caused by party conflict is by no means reasonable. In 2009, when facing the influenza A (H1N1) virus, the US government first said there was no need for alarm, then suddenly declared it a national emergency, which many experts believed to be a misguidance for the world. As a result, the flu ended up spreading to 214 countries and regions. What’s more, the US government also paid lip service in its promise to offer vaccines for the public. It promised to have 160 million doses of injectable vaccine on hand by October that year, but only less than 30 million doses had been prepared. According to a report issued later, the downsizing and expenditure cut of public health departments weakened the country’s prevention and control work of the flu. Some people in the US can always wax lyrical when they point fingers at other countries, but turn their backs on the vulnerability of their own country’s system in coping with epidemics. America is not a perfect country, just as many American public health experts stressed that the country is not ready for the challenges posed by major infectious diseases. Director of Harvard Global Health Institute Ashish Jha warned that epidemic is the most possible cause that can rapidly and accidentally kill millions of Americans, but also one that sees the least preparation. Countries across the world should help each other and rely on complementary advantages in public health emergencies. The successful practices of a country may serve as a reference for others. American author Mario Cavolo recently published an article that compares the 2009 H1N1 virus in the US and the 2019 novel coronavirus in China on social media LinkedIn. He pointed out that it took six months for the US to declare a national emergency in 2009, and the death toll was vastly underestimated and updated not until three years later. In the article, Cavolo said the forces attacking China’s efforts are bizarrely negative, and the world should be applauding China's unprecedented, broad and aggressive response. When these Americans are trying to blame China’s endeavor in an arrogant and indifferent manner, what they really care about is not how to contain the epidemic in an early date or the lives of the people across the world. What’s in the mind of these “on-lookers” is indeed unpresentable calculations. However, those who lost their sense of humanity can never prevail. To politicalize the epidemic and launch inhumane attacks will only destroy their own image.
WS5e4a5c5ea31012821727825d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a5c5ea31012821727825d.html	2020-02-17	Quotes-unquotes: WHO chief on coronavirus, China and racism	None
WS5e4a57d1a310128217278237	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a57d1a310128217278237.html	2020-02-17	Blockchain technology improves coronavirus response	[Photo/Sipa] BEIJING - It's a classic contradiction of public versus personal interests: how can authorities slow the spread of coronavirus while protecting patient privacy? How can you cut the transmission chain while protecting personal information? How do you maintain transparency from the loading of donated supplies to the final use by people who need them most? Blockchain technology - using encrypted data and records to track transactions - has been helping Chinese government and medical agencies in the battle against the novel coronavirus without compromising privacy. From Feb 1 to 14, at least 20 applications based on blockchain were launched to tackle the emerging challenges. Personal information management is a major area of blockchain application. As more people return to work this month, apps and platforms based on ID information are being launched. In Xi'an, Northwest China's Shaanxi province, a system for online consultation and screening was launched on Feb 1. The blockchain system securely manages health records, ensuring interoperability without compromising security and patient privacy. In Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, Vastchain Technology introduced Access Pass, a mini program on WeChat that can generate QR codes to enable residents to enter gated communities. According to the company, all personal information collected is encrypted and stored in blockchain-based cloud servers. Even the company cannot retrieve the original data and it will eliminate all the data publicly after the epidemic is over. With the spread of the novel coronavirus, the management, allocation and donation of relief supplies have been a challenge. Payment platform Alipay launched an information platform on its mobile app to enable collaboration with transparency and efficiency. Led by the Zhejiang Provincial Health Commission and the Economy and Information Technology Department, the blockchain-based platform enables the review, recording and tracking of demand, supplies and logistics of epidemic prevention materials. Supplies involve multiple parties from donors and recipients to delivery and warehousing. Alipay said the entire process of record and verification by each party is tamper-proof, enabling anyone to track the process. Blockchain technology was also applied in the official daily updates about the epidemic in Jinan, Shandong province. Local authorities say blockchain makes information on the platform tamper-proof and traceable. It achieves precise collection of epidemic data and dispels rumors, helping citizens to cope with the epidemic in a positive and reasonable way.
WS5e4a56b6a31012821727822f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a56b6a31012821727822f.html	2020-02-17	Young village cadre shoulders oxygen to novel coronavirus patients	Deng Xincai, a post-90s village cadre at Dawugang village in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, changes the valve on an oxygen cylinder at the local hospital, on Feb 16, 2020. After the novel coronavirus outbreak began, he volunteered to deliver and distribute oxygen cylinders in the hospital. Since Jan 22, he has been delivering oxygen cylinders, each weighing 60 kg, day and night. His colleagues call him O2. [Photo by Chen Zhuo/for chinadaily.com.cn] Deng Xincai, a post-90s village cadre at Dawugang village in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, transfers oxygen cylinders at a local hospital, on Feb 16, 2020. After the novel coronavirus outbreak began, he volunteered to deliver and distribute medical equipment in the hospital. Since Jan 22, he has been delivering oxygen cylinders, each weighing 60 kg, day and night. His colleagues call him O2. [Photo by Chen Zhuo/for chinadaily.com.cn] Deng Xincai, a post-90s village cadre at Dawugang village in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, delivers oxygen cylinders at a local hospital, on Feb 16, 2020. After the novel coronavirus outbreak began, he volunteered to deliver and distribute medical equipment in the hospital. Since Jan 22, he has been delivering oxygen cylinders, each weighing 60 kg, day and night. His colleagues call him O2. [Photo by Chen Zhuo/for chinadaily.com.cn] Deng Xincai, a post-90s village cadre at Dawugang village in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, takes a rest after he carries a dozen oxygen cylinders onto an elevator at a local hospital, on Feb 16, 2020. After the novel coronavirus outbreak began, he volunteered to deliver and distribute medical equipment in the hospital. Since Jan 22, he has been delivering oxygen cylinders, each weighing 60 kg, day and night. His colleagues call him O2. [Photo by Chen Zhuo/for chinadaily.com.cn] Deng Xincai, a post-90s village cadre at Dawugang village in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, delivers an oxygen cylinder, on Feb 16, 2020. After the novel coronavirus outbreak began, he volunteered to deliver and distribute medical equipment in the hospital. Since Jan 22, he has delivering oxygen cylinders, each weighing 60 kg, day and night. His colleagues call him O2. [Photo by Chen Zhuo/for chinadaily.com.cn] Deng Xincai, a post-90s village cadre at Dawugang village in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, points at his nickname, "O2", on his isolation gown, on Feb 16, 2020. After the novel coronavirus outbreak began, he volunteered to deliver and distribute medical equipment in the hospital. Since Jan 22, he has delivering oxygen cylinders, each weighing 60 kg, day and night. His colleagues call him O2. [Photo by Chen Zhuo/for chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e4a554ba310128217278228	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a554ba310128217278228.html	2020-02-17	More plasma needed from recovered coronavirus patients, experts say	Zhang Zhengle, a 31­-year­-old man who has recovered from novel coronavirus pneumonia, donates plasma at Hubei General Hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Sunday. ZHU XINGXIN / CHINA DAILY Experts are encouraging more patients who have recovered from the novel coronavirus to donate their plasma to save those in critical condition. "We still have around 10,000 cases of seriously ill patients, they are constantly on our mind and are of upmost priority," Sun Yanrong, deputy director of the China National Center for Biotechnology Development, said in a news briefing on Monday. Sun said doctors still need effective clinical methods to reduce the fatality rate of these critically ill patients. Plasma transfusion is an ancient technique, it has been used in the last few decades as a last resort against infectious diseases, such as SARS and Ebola. Plasma is the liquid part of the body's blood, which contains important proteins crucial to one's overall health as well as many kinds of antibodies, some of which are effective against the coronavirus. But researchers must select the most effective antibodies from plasma donated by recovered patients, and administer plasma based on compatibility with the infected patient's blood type. As a result, Chinese scientists have been working hard to modify and improve their techniques to handle this viral outbreak. They collected the first convalescent plasma on Feb 1, and the first patient received plasma treatment on Feb 9 at the Jiangxia First People's Hospital in Wuhan. Ten more critical patients also received plasma treatment in the following week. As of today, one patient has already recovered and was discharged from the hospital, and one patient could now leave their bed and walk, and the rest of the patients are steadily recovering, Sun said. Scientists will continue researching the potency and safety of the plasma treatment, she said. "Current results show plasma transfusion is a safe and effective treatment for critically ill patients, but this method requires support from the whole society," she said. The Ministry of Science and Technology and National Health Commission will work together to promote this treatment. "I would like to thank the first recovered patient who donated 300 milliliters of her plasma, as well as all the patients who followed," she said. "Their contribution has provided us with an effective tool against the virus, and gave hope to critically ill patients who are struggling for their lives," Sun said. "We would like to urge the public to donate their plasma to help those in need. With the whole society working together, we can surely overcome the epidemic." Guo Yanhong, a medical expert from the National Health Commission, said there are strict quality regulations governing the collecting, processing, storage and administration of convalescent plasma for clinical use. Guo urged provincial governments to establish dedicated medical teams to follow these rules and ensure the quality and safety of plasma transfusion treatments. "We have to protect the safety of donors and patients," she said.
WS5e4a5467a310128217278227	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a5467a310128217278227.html	2020-02-17	Novel coronavirus leaves limited infection on world economy	Staff members work at a workshop of Skyworth in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Feb. 10, 2020. [Xinhua/Deng Hua] With most businesses suspended, factories remaining closed and residents urged to stay home to help contain the spread of the novel coronavirus, China's economic growth is hitting the brakes, particularly in the first quarter, but not so much for the global economy at large. The epidemic will eventually come to an end, just like the winter eventually fades away. Once it clears, Chinese businesses and consumers are going to spend all the money they would have spent in these months but have not been able to. Hence, although Q1 growth will be low, the economy is expected to pick up and even skyrocket after the epidemic. This will boost the global economy as well. In 2003, SARS resulted in a sharp decline in China's GDP growth in the second quarter, but the negative impact was largely offset by higher growth rates in the following two quarters. The annual growth rate turned out even higher than that of the previous year, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. At the same time, the government has adopted a raft of unprecedented measures to contain the spread of COVID-19, and as a result, the daily new confirmed cases of the coronavirus disease outside Hubei, the epicenter province in the outbreak, have been dropping for 10 consecutive days. The situation inside the province is also improving as more than half of China's provincial-level regions have paired up with all the cities in Hubei -- with the provincial capital Wuhan excluded -- to support their fight against the virus. Unlike war or natural disasters where it takes time to rebuild infrastructure and businesses, viruses do not affect the fundamentals. People are returning to work with caution and order after an extended Spring Festival break. Once the epidemic is under control, all the strengths of the Chinese economy will be bouncing back again. Today, the service sector accounts for more than half of China's GDP. Although some offline business has suffered from the restricted movement of people, the implication is likely to be made up by the surge of online purchases. The virus will further digitalize China's economy, highlighting the resilience of Internet commerce in offsetting setbacks such as the coronavirus outbreak. One more thing worth noting is that the markets do not seem too bothered by the epidemic. There have been some big one-day falls but nothing too dramatic, suggesting investors have confidence in China's ability to recover in due time. "We are confident that China's economy remains resilient," IMF Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva has said in a statement posted on both Twitter and Weibo following the coronavirus outbreak. Every cloud has a silver lining. Confidence stems from what China has achieved during the past decades. Trust helps rebuild the confidence in China, as the country has received donations and supports from around the globe. The negative implications of the virus on the Chinese economy will be short-lived. China has been determined to complete the building of a moderately prosperous society in all respects this year. It is also determined to prove that a prosperous China benefits the rest of the world with more opportunities and possibilities.
WS5e4a4a5ca3101282172781f2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a4a5ca3101282172781f2.html	2020-02-17	Man who attempted escape suffers from mental illness, not coronavirus	SONG CHEN/CHINA DAILY A suspected novel coronavirus pneumonia patient who attempted to escape from a hospital in Xiaogan city, Hubei province, was suffering from mental illness. The patient was tested negative for the virus after he was later caught, the hospital said on Monday. On Sunday, a screen shot of a WeChat conversation among medical workers from the Southeast Hospital went viral on social media. It showed a picture of a hole in what appeared to be a wall of a ward. "Dr Wang is chasing after him," a medical worker wrote in the conversation. Rumors then began to circulate on social media and caused widespread panic. Some said a confirmed NCP patient escaped while some claimed that eight people fled the hospital. The hospital has been designated to keep suspected NCP patients in Xiaogan since the outbreak. The patient, surnamed Wang, was then sent to the hospital for isolation. The 34-year-old dug a hole on the board installed to separate the ward around noon on Sunday. He then escaped by climbing out of a window, the hospital said in a statement on Monday. About 12:20 pm, the patient was found. He underwent a chest CT scan in the afternoon and no irregularity was found. He was later transferred to a hospital specializing in mental illness in the city, according to the statement.
WS5e4a467fa3101282172781db	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a467fa3101282172781db.html	2020-02-17	Authorities to track Cambodia cruise passengers after coronavirus case reported	The cruise ship Westerdam at dock in the Cambodian port of Sihanoukville, Cambodia Feb 16, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] SIHANOUKVILLE, Cambodia - Health authorities scrambled on Monday to track hundreds of passengers who disembarked from a cruise ship in Cambodia last week after a woman tested positive for coronavirus. Holland America Line, which is owned by cruise giant Carnival Corp, said it is working with governments and health experts to track passengers. "Guests who have already returned home will be contacted by their local health department and be provided further information," the company said in a statement. Nearly 200 passengers from the Westerdam have returned to their home countries after travelling through Malaysia and Thailand, authorities said, though none of them displayed any symptoms. Some 1,455 passengers and 802 crew first embarked on the cruise. It spent two weeks at sea after being turned away by Japan, China's Taiwan, Guam, the Philippines and Thailand even though the ship said there were no coronavirus cases aboard. In Cambodia, at least 236 passengers and 747 crew remain aboard the vessel off the port city of Sihanoukville, Holland America said. Several hundred other Westerdam passengers who left the ship are still in hotels in Cambodia and are being tested on Monday for coronavirus, according to passenger Holley Rauen, a public health nurse and midwife from Fort Myers, Florida. Reuters
WS5e4a38eaa31012821727818d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a38eaa31012821727818d.html	2020-02-17	China issues over 1,600 force majeure slips to coronavirus-hit companies	China has issued more than 1,600 force majeure certificates to shield companies from legal damages arising from the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak. [Photo/Sipa] BEIJING -- China has issued more than 1,600 force majeure certificates to shield companies from legal damages arising from the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak. The China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT) has issued 1,615 certificates by last Friday for companies involving over 30 sectors, covering a total contract value of 109.9 billion yuan (about $15.7 billion), said the CCPIT. The certificate exonerates companies from not performing or partially performing contractual duties by proving they are suffering from circumstances beyond their control. The COVID-19 epidemic has delayed production for some companies as quarantine measures held back many workers from returning to their posts. Some firms have presented the certificate to their clients and agreed on a later date to fulfill orders without facing legal liabilities, said the CCPIT. A manufacturing company in eastern China's Zhejiang province was the first to obtain the certificate on Feb 2 to excuse itself from breaching a 2.4-million-yuan overseas order that could incur 30 million yuan of compensation. The CCPIT's force majeure certificates are recognized by governments, customs, trade associations and enterprises of more than 200 countries and regions, it said. To minimize losses for foreign trade companies amid the outbreak, especially from contractual breaches, the Ministry of Commerce has instructed six trade associations in sectors like textile, mining, machinery and healthcare to help with legal counseling and applying for force majeure certificates. Chinese authorities have also urged local officials to help foreign-funded companies with work resumption and operation, with eastern China's Shandong province rolling out a raft of measures like tax relief and deferring social insurance payments.
WS5e4a381da310128217278180	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4a381da310128217278180.html	2020-02-17	Can novel coronavirus be brought home via shoes?	[Photo/VCG] Rumors said novel coronavirus can be brought home via shoes.  According to Feng Luzhao, an analyst form Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the novel coronavirus is mainly transmitted by respiratory droplets and direct contact with a patient's body fluids. After the droplets settle to the ground, the amount of virus caught by shoes is very small. There is no need to disinfect the soles of shoes in daily life, though it's recommended to change shoes at the door when arriving home.
WS5e4bbc32a31012821727879c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e4bbc32a31012821727879c.html	2020-02-17	When is the turning point for coronavirus outbreak? Key indicators	The war against COVID-19 epidemic has come to a critical moment. Currently, there are two major views on when the turning point will be. Prudent optimists think that it will come sometime between February 10 to 15, right after China's Lantern Festival. According to Professor Zhong Nanshan, academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering, director of the National Clinical Research Center for Respiratory Disease, and head of the High-level Panel of Experts, the latent period of the novel coronavirus is usually 3 to 7 days and 24 days at maximum. With the nationwide restrictions on population flow, both the peak and turning point of the epidemic will appear around the Lantern Festival.2 On this trend, the epidemic may be over by the end of April.3 Pessimists, however, predict that the turning point will come as late as April, with confirmed cases surpassing 70,000. For instance, a research done by Professor Joseph T. Wu's team at the School of Public Health, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, Hong Kong University, published on The Lancet on January 31, forecast the turning point of the epidemic to appear in April based on latest mathematical modelling. Meanwhile, the research points out that "[t]o possibly succeed, substantial, even draconian measures that limit population mobility should be seriously and immediately considered in affected areas, as should strategies to drastically reduce within-population contact rates through cancellation of mass gatherings, school closures, and instituting work-fromhome arrangements, for example."4 Now that all the recommended measures have been adopted, the gloomy forecast is not quite likely to become reality. In fact, the turning point of the epidemic not only depends on the objective laws of the development of the novel coronavirus, but it is also a function of the collective efforts of the Chinese government and people. As Professor Chen Wei, academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering and researcher at the Institute of Military Medical Sciences of the PLA Academy of Military Sciences, warns, although the turning point is coming soon, the possibility of recurring of the epidemic still remains, and thus it is necessary to plan for the worst and make fullest preparation for long-term fight against it.5 In the same vein, Mr. Zhang Wenhong, director of the Department for Infectious Diseases at Huashan Hospital Affiliated to Fudan University and a member of the Shanghai special medical team for COVID-19, calls for support from the general public, saying that "staying home and refraining from going out is also a contribution to our fight [against the epidemic]."6 Therefore, it is believed that despite the positive progresses in prevention and control of the novel coronavirus, the turning point of the epidemic will be determined by further endeavor of the Chinese government and people. China is facing new challenges especially in the next one to two weeks, as millions of people from all over the country are returning to work in mega-cities after the Spring Festival. If the number of new infections remains low two weeks later, it can be said that the turning point has come except for Hubei. In general, strong epidemic control, effective medical treatment to COVID-19 patients, and enhancing rehabilitation rate are three interrelated key missions of China's war against the epidemic. Only when all of them are achieved, can China win the war in the shortest time. Above all, a decrease of new confirmed and suspected cases will be the most direct indicator of the turning point and a clear proof of the effectiveness of the prevention and control measures. At present, despite the increase of the absolute number of new confirmed and suspected cases, its growth rate has been on the decline for days. If such trend continues for another week or two, then the first mission will be accomplished. Next, as the biggest threat to public health, severe cases and COVID-19-caused deaths are the main roots of public fear of the epidemic. A decreasing number of severe cases and deaths will indicate that the medical treatment is taking effect and that the severity of the epidemic is in check. Up to now, the mortality rate of COVID-19 has remained rather low except in Hubei, which means the epidemic has been under tight control in most Chinese regions. After classified treatment and a greater number of intensive care unit (ICU) facilities are introduced in Hubei, the mortality rate there is expected to shrink as well. Finally, the ultimate victory will be achieved when all COVID-19 patients are cured. Now, the rehabilitation rate is increasing steadily with enhanced measures and capabilities of medical treatment, while the public has developed more understanding about COVID-19 and strengthened self-protection. Both will help reduce the number of new cases and augment the rehabilitation rate.
WS5e49feb5a3101282172780ad	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49feb5a3101282172780ad.html	2020-02-17	UN chief confident in China's effort to fight coronavirus outbreak	United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres address a joint news conference in Islamabad, Pakistan Feb 16, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ISLAMABAD - United Nations (UN) Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed confidence in China's great efforts to combat the current outbreak of the novel coronavirus pneumonia, or COVID-19, here on Sunday. The measures put in place by the Chinese government "is a gigantic effort and we are very confident that efforts will allow for the progressive reduction of the disease", the UN chief told Xinhua during his joint press conference with Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi. Highlighting the huge challenge the coronavirus outbreak is posing, he said that it is always difficult to have a quick solution, but China has made a "very strong and very impressive response". Guterres is on his first official visit to Pakistan since he took office on Jan 1, 2017. During his four-day stay here, he will also attend an international conference on Afghan refugees.
WS5e49f5eda31012821727800a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49f5eda31012821727800a.html	2020-02-17	Community medics commended for coronavirus containment in China	Medical staff and patients exercise together in the "Wuhan Living" mobile cabin hospital in Wuhan, the largest of such kind in the city, on Feb 15, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/China Daily] BEIJING -- Nearly 4 million workers from China's primary-level medical and health institutions have played an important and unique role in the fight against the coronavirus, a health official said Sunday. The medical institutions include both community health service centers in cities and clinics in rural areas, said Zhu Hongming, an official with the National Health Commission, adding that some of them provide round-the-clock services. In the wake of the outbreak, medical workers at the primary level have engaged in timely detections of fever patients and suspected cases to ensure the implementation of isolation and patient transfer, while they also need to carry out daily diagnosis and treatment for common diseases and the management of chronic diseases, Zhu said. The medical workers have conducted carpet screening alongside community workers, informing residents who need to carry out home-based isolation and checking their temperature every day, the official said. Zhu noted that medical workers also work in places with heavy flows of people such as airports and ports to help cut off virus transmission routes at the front lines.
WS5e49f423a310128217277feb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49f423a310128217277feb.html	2020-02-17	Hubei announces further measures to contain coronavirus spread	Local residents walk amid snowfall in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 15, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] WUHAN -- China's Hubei province, the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, announced Sunday a slew of wide-ranging and more stringent measures to control the epidemic. The measures include enforcing province-wide traffic restrictions on all non-emergency vehicles and closing all non-essential public venues, according to a circular issued by the provincial government. The measures came as the province is at a "critical stage" to control the epidemic and the situation remains "grave," said the circular. According to the circular, the health screening campaign should be strengthened and no one should be missed. Once any resident shows symptoms such as fever or coughing, the situation should be immediately reported to the local community or village. "Four categories of people," namely patients confirmed or suspected to be infected with the virus, their close contacts and patients with fever, should be timely treated or placed in quarantine instead of self-isolation at home. Also, companies should not resume production unless allowed by local epidemic prevention authorities. And those that have resumed work including public institutions, industrial parks and companies should follow strict virus prevention measures.
WS5e49f2eea310128217277fc9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49f2eea310128217277fc9.html	2020-02-17	Taiwan adds two novel coronavirus infection cases with first death	TAIPEI -- Taiwan confirmed two new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number to 20, and reported the first death caused by the epidemic, the island's epidemic monitoring agency said Sunday. One of the two new cases was a man in his 60s living in central Taiwan who had cough on Jan 27 and had been diagnosed pneumonia and hospitalized since Feb 3. He died of pneumonia and septicemia on Feb 15, according to the agency at a press conference. Since the man had not left Taiwan before he was ill nor have close contacts with any confirmed infection cases, he had not been subject to the novel coronavirus infection test until his death, the agency said. The case was identified due to a large-scale review of serious flu-like cases dating back to Jan 31, launched by the island's health authorities. A total of 113 cases had been put for novel coronavirus infection tests since Feb 12 and only this one was confirmed, the agency said. The authorities are investigating the actual infection source of the man, who allegedly had been a taxi driver. The other new infection case is a male relative of the deceased man, who has had no symptoms as of now and stayed in an isolation ward, the agency said. The authorities have identified 79 people having close contacts with the two men.
WS5e49efc2a310128217277fa3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49efc2a310128217277fa3.html	2020-02-17	Potential coronavirus drug approved for marketing	Favipiravir, an antiviral that has shown potential in treating the novel coronavirus, was approved for marketing, the Taizhou government of Zhejiang province announced Sunday. The drug is approved for marketing in the treatment of influenza, and is one of three drugs demonstrating efficacy against the novel coronavirus in human trials. The approval document by the National Medical Products Administration said the drug manufacturer, Zhejiang Hisun Pharmaceutical Company, has met requirements to produce the generic form of Favipiravir but needs to continue unfinished research in pharmacy and clinical pharmacology. The company also received a clinical trial approval by the administration, saying the product is approved for clinical trials on indication for novel coronavirus pneumonia. Zhang Xinmin, head of the China National Center for Biotechnology Department under the Ministry of Science and Technology, said at a news conference on Saturday that in human trials conducted in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, the drug has shown promising results against the novel coronavirus and mild adverse reactions in patients.
WS5e49ef1ca310128217277f9e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49ef1ca310128217277f9e.html	2020-02-17	Latest numbers on coronavirus infection	Patients walk into a ward at the Leishenshan (Thunder God Mountain) Hospital in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, Feb 16, 2020. The hospital admitted one hundred COVID-19 patients on Sunday. [Photo/Xinhua] The number of confirmed infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland climbed to 70,548 as of Sunday at midnight, including 1,770 deaths, according to the National Health Commission. Among them, 2,048 confirmed cases and 105 deaths were newly reported on Sunday, the commission said on Monday morning. A total of 1,563 suspected cases were newly reported on Sunday, bringing the total number of suspected cases on the Chinese mainland to 7,264 as of Sunday at midnight. The number of confirmed cases rose to 57 in Hong Kong, including one death and two recoveries, 10 in Macao, including five recovery cases, and 18 in Taiwan, including one death and two patients discharged from hospital. With an addition of 1,425 people released from the hospital on Sunday, a total of 10,844 people have been discharged from the hospital on the mainland as of Sunday at midnight. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 546,016 people with close contact with patients, with 150,539 of them still under medical observation.
WS5e49edf2a310128217277f95	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49edf2a310128217277f95.html	2020-02-17	Wuhan hospitals open for non-coronavirus patients	Wuhan, Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, has started to provide medical treatment for non-infected patients, according to the local health commission. Six hospitals in Wuhan will be open to people not infected with the new virus in order to meet public medical demands amid the ongoing epidemic, especially patients who have chronic diseases with severe symptoms, pregnant women, children and patients on hemodialysis, the commission said.
WS5e49ec53a310128217277f74	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49ec53a310128217277f74.html	2020-02-17	Video: Tips on novel coronavirus prevention at the workplace	None
WS5e49e2d0a310128217277ed3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49e2d0a310128217277ed3.html	2020-02-17	Plasma therapy could lead to development of vaccine for novel coronavirus pneumonia	A recovered novel coronavirus pneumonia patient donates blood at a hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Sunday. [ZHU XINGXIN/CHINA DAILY] While scientists in Wuhan are trying to cure novel coronavirus pneumonia patients with blood plasma collected from people who have recovered from the disease, they are also working to develop a vaccine based on the new therapy, a leading member of the research team said on Sunday. Seven patients are receiving treatment using the therapy at Jiangxia First People's Hospital, in Wuhan's Jiangxia district, and it seems to be working, Liu Bende, vice-president of the hospital, said. "Of the patients, those in serious condition have not deteriorated so far, while those in a milder condition have showed improvement," he said. "In general, we have not seen serious side effects or complications due to the therapy." Similar methods, using antibodies in the plasma of recovered patients to fight a virus, were used to treat patients during the severe acute respiratory syndrome epidemic in 2003, he said. The hospital started to carry out the therapy on Feb 8, becoming the first in Wuhan to do so. The latest guideline on the diagnosis and treatment of the virus released by the National Health Commission earlier this month included convalescent plasma as an option for treatment of the virus. "We started to consider using the therapy after failed efforts that lasted for a month to find an effective means to treat the patients," Liu said. "Another important reason is that we hope to find the specific antibody from the plasma of recovered patients that targets the virus, which can pave the way for the development of a vaccine." The plasma of recovered patients contains many different kinds of antibodies, so the researchers will select the best antibody for the virus from supplies of plasma that have produced the best effects in treating patients, he said. In addition to the hospital, other institutions such as the Wuhan Institute of Virology and an institute owned by State-owned Sino Pharm have joined the research, Liu said. "We hope to find the best antibody as soon as possible, although it is difficult and takes time," he said, adding that a major difficulty was a lack of plasma donors. Liu said that although the therapy had safety risks, such as contaminated blood and side effects, it was still worth trying as there were no effective drugs available to treat the disease. At Wuhan's Jinyintan Hospital, the therapy has also showed some effectiveness, Zhang Dingyu, the president of the hospital, said earlier. Hospitals in Shanghai are also trying to use the therapy to treat patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia. The municipal Health Commission has called for patients who have recovered from the disease to donate plasma for the treatment of other patients. China National Biotec Group, a participant in the research, said 31 people who had recovered from the disease had donated plasma as of Saturday. It will be processed for clinical use to treat other patients. Liu, from Jiangxia First People's Hospital, said caution was needed when promoting the therapy, as there were strict requirements for plasma suppliers and receivers. "For example, plasma from patients with chronic diseases cannot be used, even if they have recovered from novel coronavirus pneumonia," he said. "Also, some patients, such as those prone to allergy, are not suitable to receive such treatment."
WS5e49dcb0a310128217277ea1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49dcb0a310128217277ea1.html	2020-02-17	Renowned Chinese musician dedicates new composition to fighting coronavirus outbreak	[Photo/Xinhua] The premiere of renowned Chinese musician Tan Dun's new composition, Sound Pagoda -- The 12 Sounds of Wuhan, was performed by the Antwerp Symphony Orchestra in the Queen Elizabeth Hall here on Saturday. The concert, conducted by Tan, was the first held by the international music community to extend love, care and support to the central Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, which has so far caused over 1,600 deaths and infected more than 68,000 people in China. Around two pools of clean water in the center of the stage were placed 12 gongs, one of the many kinds of Chinese musical instruments which first made its way into Western orchestras. Dedicated to supporting Wuhan's battle against the epidemic, Tan, who has won Academy and Grammy Awards for his original piece for the Oscar-winning blockbuster Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, created the new composition during his flight from New York to Brussels earlier this week. The composition was written to honor Wuhan's percussion instruments as the city is known for its cymbals and gongs throughout the world. The Antwerp Symphony Orchestra has three Wuhan gongs which were played in the performance. [Photo/Xinhua] "The Wuhan gongs, which have left a deep impression around the world, are a must for symphony orchestras," said Tan. "Without the Wuhan gongs, there would be no such wonderful classical music like Beethoven's Ode to Joy or Mozart's Requiem." "This is why Wuhan and the people of Wuhan hold a special meaning for musicians," Tan said in front of a large gong. It was no coincidence for Tan to choose 12 large gongs to perform his new composition. "The 12 Sounds of Wuhan symbolizes not only the 12-hour life cycle, 12 Chinese zodiacs and 12 months, but also spiritual culture and harmonious coexistence between man and nature, calling on the world to fight COVID-19 (abbreviation for the novel coronavirus disease)." "I hope that we can commemorate our friends of Wuhan and let the world remember the fabulous music brought by Wuhan through the sound pagoda built by 12 Sounds of Wuhan," Tan said. "These 12 gongs are no longer physical instruments, but a sound bridge connecting Wuhan to the world." Filip Stuer, director of communications and marketing of the Antwerp Symphony Orchestra, said that "I believe that the fight against COVID-19 is a global fight, and not only China's to win. I firmly believe that we are capable of winning through concerted efforts and cooperation." [Photo/Xinhua] "I feel honored to be able to organize this concert. We would like to offer our sympathy to all those involved, as well as our support to the doctors and scientists, and to all those who are helping to contain this epidemic," said Stuer. Zhang Ming, head of Chinese Mission to the European Union, told Xinhua after the concert that "Tonight's performance is the artist's support for the people of Wuhan and their fight against the epidemic." Tan conveyed a heartwarming message for Wuhan at the end of the piece. "Dear Wuhan, I promise to perform The 12 Sounds of Wuhan and Beethoven's Ode to Joy for you at home once the epidemic is over."
WS5e49d84da310a2fabb7a2328	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49d84da310a2fabb7a2328.html	2020-02-17	HK reports one new case of coronavirus, one man discharged	Hong Kong confirmed a new case of novel coronavirus infection on Sunday, raising the tally to 57, the government said at its daily briefing on the epidemic. The latest patient is a 54-year-old man living in the middle-class housing estate of Taikoo Shing. He had not left Hong Kong recently. His wife also showed mild symptoms and was placed under medical observation. The patient visited a local church before and after the onset. The authority is tracking his close contacts. Meanwhile, the patient who was the 27th recorded case of the virus infection in the special administrative region was released from a hospital on Sunday. He is the second patient in Hong Kong to have recovered from the disease, and the first confirmed case among the 11 infected people in a group that shared a hotpot dinner on Jan 26. Before being discharged, the patient tested negative twice in tests 24 hours apart. Also on Sunday, another 70 passengers on board the quarantined cruise ship Diamond Princess, now docked in Yokohama, Japan, were confirmed to have been infected by the coronavirus. In total, 355 people on board have contracted the virus. It's still unknown whether any Hong Kong residents were among the new batch of infections. Earlier, the SAR government revealed that at least 11 out of the more than 300 Hong Kong passengers on board the vessel were confirmed to have been infected. The Hong Kong government is arranging chartered flight to bring local residents on board back to the city free of charge, according to a statement on Saturday night. The plan is pending the approval of the Japanese government. The passengers will be quarantined for 14 days upon their arrival in Hong Kong. During the past weekend, some radicals vandalized public facilities to protest the government's plan to use some local clinics for epidemic-control use. Earlier, the government had selected 18 general outpatient clinics in the city's overall 18 districts to admit suspected patients of coronavirus infection. It didn't offer a timetable for launching the plan. In a bid to derail the plan, some radical protesters damaged facilities of a selected clinic in Tai Po on Saturday. Another group of protesters threw debris onto the light-rail tracks at the Tin Shui Wai station and set fire to station facilities at the same day. On Saturday night, the Hospital Authority strongly condemned the vandalism against clinics. Meanwhile, two more infected patients in Macao were discharged on Sunday, bringing the total number of released patients in the gambling hub to five. Macao has recorded no confirmed case for 12 consecutive days on Sunday, maintaining the infection tally of 10. The Macao government announced on Saturday that it will gradually resume basic services starting next week. The suspension of casinos, which is slated to end on Wednesday, will be subject to further review until then. bingcun@chinadailyhk.com
WS5e49d66ea310128217277e96	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49d66ea310128217277e96.html	2020-02-17	Hubei records 1,933 new cases of coronavirus	Medical staff check on patients as they exercise together in the "Wuhan Living" mobile cabin hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 15, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/China Daily] Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, reported 1,933 new confirmed cases of the virus and 100 new fatalities on Sunday, bringing the two numbers up to 58,182 and 1,696, respectively, according to the province's health commission. A total of 4,826 suspected cases have been reported as of Sunday in the province, it said on Monday morning, adding that among them, 4,384 cases have been under centralized quarantine. In Wuhan city, the number of confirmed cases rose to 41,152, including 1,309 deaths, as of Sunday midnight, followed by Xiaogan and Huanggang with the number of confirmed cases in the two cities climbing to 3,279 and 2,831, respectively, the commission. The province also reported 1,016 new recovery cases on the same day. By the end of Sunday, 6,639 patients in the province have been released from hospitals after recovery, said the commission. A total of 40,814 people are still under medical treatment in the province, including 8,024 people with serious symptoms and 1,773 in critical condition, the commission said. Health authorities in the province have traced 191,434 people with close contact with patients, with 71,613 of them still under medical observation, according to the commission.
WS5e49d078a310128217277e7a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49d078a310128217277e7a.html	2020-02-17	A room temperature above 30 C helps fight coronavirus?	The novel coronavirus gradually loses its activity at whatever temperature, said Tang Qin, a researcher at the Chinese Medical Association. It loses its vitality slower at lower temperatures, and faster at higher temperatures, most rapidly at 56 C, she said.  She said there is no clear evidence that the virus is deactivated much faster in a room temperature of 30 C than in winter outdoor temperatures. 
WS5e49cc99a310128217277e49	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/17/WS5e49cc99a310128217277e49.html	2020-02-17	Manpower cannot be ignored in fight against the novel coronavirus	A courier prepares for a delivery in Xi'an, Northwest China's Shaanxi province, Feb 3, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] With the government encouraging people to stay at home so as to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, white-collar workers are working from home and students are studying online, and e-commerce is helping to ensure people can still buy the daily necessities they need. As such, the digital economy is helping people carry on with their lives and is conducive to reducing the negative impact of the epidemic on the real economy. But the question is whether the internet has played its due part in the epidemic prevention and control work. The epidemic is a big test of China's public health system, a big test of the country's economic and social development capabilities, and a big test of the governance system, which has proudly claimed to have driven its modernization by embracing big data, the internet-of-things and cloud computing. Although smartphones and the internet are playing important roles in helping to trace people suspected of being infected with the virus and those they have come into close contact with, which would be particularly an arduous work without them, it is the hard work of the grassroots civil servants, residential community property management staff and couriers that has ensured that the quarantine measures are strictly carried out and people get the food they need. It should be borne in mind that, as the serious situation in Wuhan, Hubei province, indicates, if smart city systems and e-government fail to spot and alert people of a public health threat in a timely manner, the dramatic surge in demand for medical services can instantly overwhelm even a provincial capital's healthcare capabilities. Wuhan is home to some first-class hospitals and health institutes, yet it has required assistance from all over the country. In other words, while tapping into advanced information technology' s potential to boost good governance, the authorities should by no means ignore the important role of humans in the system, as it finally rests with humans to stretch the legs of technology, not the other way round. The digital economy has supported people's daily lives, and digital technology is playing an important role in epidemic prevention and control, but the novel coronavirus outbreak has also exposed some shortcomings and deficiencies in the governance system and shown that it cannot rely solely on the advancement of technology. This is a lesson that must be heeded.
WS5e49508ba310128217277e0b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e49508ba310128217277e0b.html	2020-02-16	Post-mortem on patients yield novel coronavirus pathology samples	Staff members work in a laboratory in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 13, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Post-mortem examinations on two patients who died from novel coronavirus pneumonia were finished in Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital on Sunday, according to a report by China Central Television. The procedure is lawfully permitted, with approval from family members. Pathology samples obtained through the post-mortems have been sent for examination, and the result is expected to help identify the pathology changes caused by coronavirus and will help doctors learn more about the disease mechanism, according to the report. The results also will be helpful to uncover the virulence and fatality of the highly-contagious pneumonia, benefiting future treatment of patients with severe symptoms or in critical condition.
WS5e48f6efa310128217277da9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e48f6efa310128217277da9.html	2020-02-16	Novel coronavirus severity in patients drops significantly	Medical staff check on patients as they exercise together in the "Wuhan Living" mobile cabin hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 15, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/China Daily] The severity rate of people infected with the novel coronavirus has seen a significant decrease nationwide as of Saturday midnight, according to the country's health authority on Sunday. Mi Feng, spokesman for of National Health Commission, said at a press conference that the proportion of patients with severe symptoms among all confirmed cases in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, dropped from a peak of 32.4 percent on Jan 28 to 21.6 percent on Saturday. The average severity rate of other cities in the province fell from the highest, 18.4 percent on Jan 27, to 11.1 percent on Saturday, he said, adding that other provincial regions in the country also witnessed a decline in the severity rate from 15.9 percent to 7.2 percent. The changes indicate that epidemic prevention and control measures across the country have taken certain effect, he said.
WS5e48dccaa310128217277d84	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e48dccaa310128217277d84.html	2020-02-16	Wuhan graduate never infected with novel coronavirus: Virology institute	Huang Yanling, a graduate of the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a subsidiary of Chinese Academy of Sciences, was not the first person infected with novel coronavirus, nor has she been infected with the virus, the institute said on Sunday. The institute made the statement in response to information circulated widely online that Huang, a postgraduate student at the institute, was the first patient to contract the novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, the outbreak epicenter. The statement said Huang graduated with a master's degree from the institute in 2015. Since graduation, she has been working and living in other provinces and has never been infected with novel coronavirus and is in good health. "At this critical moment in the fight against the epidemic, the rumor has greatly interfered with our scientific research work. We reserve the right to take legal action according to law," the statement said.
WS5e48cbf6a310128217277d72	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e48cbf6a310128217277d72.html	2020-02-16	32 recovered patients donate plasma to others with coronavirus infection	A recovered female patient (right) returns to the hospital to donate blood in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, on Feb 14. [Photo/Xinhua] Thirty-two patients who have recovered from the novel coronavirus had donated 10,650 ml of plasma by Saturday, said China National Biotec Group, a state-owned biological products maker. The donation came one day after the company announced on Friday that it has developed convalescent plasma to treat patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia. The current treatment of novel coronavirus pneumonia lacks vaccines and specific drugs, but recovered patients’ plasma has been put into clinical treatment which achieved initial results. The company said they have set up a special team to collect plasma from recovered patients in Wuhan, Central China’s Hubei province, since Jan 20. On Feb 8, three critically ill patients in a hospital in the Jiangxia District of Wuhan received plasma treatment. More than 10 critical patients received the treatment so far, the company said. The clinical results showed that patients’ clinical symptoms have improved significantly 12 to 24 hours after the treatment, with inflammatory indicators in the laboratory decreasing significantly and some key indicators, such blood oxygen saturation, showingn promising results. Convalescent plasma has also been proved effective in the treatment of severe acute respiratory syndrome and Ebola virus disease.
WS5e48a760a310128217277d65	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e48a760a310128217277d65.html	2020-02-16	Possible coronavirus infections at work raise legal questions	Passengers return to work at a train station on Feb 9, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] Millions of Chinese have begun returning to work starting Monday, raising public concerns over clusters of the novel coronavirus. Wu Zunyou, an epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said at a news conference on Tuesday that a cluster refers to the occurrence of more than two cases in a relatively small unit. He said after analyzing nearly a thousand clusters across the country, 83 percent happened within families, but other gathering places such as medical institutions, schools, shopping centers, factories and enterprises also have the possibility of a cluster outbreak. To reduce the risk of cluster outbreak caused by centralized work and collective dining, many enterprises approved more flexibility, arranging different shifts and allowing work from home. Employees are asked to wear face masks and bring their own tableware and return to offices for dining. On Jan 23, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, Ministry of Finance and National Health Commission issued a regulation clarifying medical staff who are infected with the novel coronavirus or die due to the infection during prevention and treatment work shall be identified as work injuries. As people have started to return to work, many have raised questions about if other employees should also be classified as work injuries if they are infected with the disease in the performance of their own duties or on their way to work. Yang Baoquan, a lawyer at Zhong Yin Law Firm, told China Youth Daily the regulation clearly applies only to medical staff during their epidemic prevention work, but not general employees. Yang said there is no direct legal basis for general employees identifying an infection as a work injury, and it is difficult to determine whether the infection happened at work or during the course of daily life. As the disease has a long incubation period and shows no obvious symptoms in the early stage, it is difficult to identify how employees were infected. If the regulation applied to them, it would cause a loss to the work injury insurance fund, he added. In addition, according to the regulations of the Work Injury Insurance Regulation, accidental injuries due to work reasons are counted as work injuries, but infection of novel coronavirus cannot be counted as an accident, he said. "These reasons have led to inconsistent views on this issue in practice, but the mainstream view is still that professionals other than medical staff who have contracted the novel coronavirus should not be considered work injuries," he added.
WS5e488e61a310128217277d3a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e488e61a310128217277d3a.html	2020-02-16	Xi's article on fighting novel coronavirus epidemic to be published	President Xi Jinping checks the treatment of hospitalized patients at the monitoring center and talks to medical staff on duty via a video link at Beijing Ditan Hospital in Beijing, capital of China, on Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING -- An article by President Xi Jinping on the prevention and control of the pneumonia epidemic caused by the novel coronavirus will be published Sunday on Qiushi Journal, a flagship magazine of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee. The article is the transcript of a speech by Xi, also general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, at a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee. The article stresses the importance of securing success in the prevention and control work, pointing out that the outcome of the epidemic prevention and control directly affects people's lives and health, the overall economic and social stability and the country's opening-up. Resources for treatment, prevention and protection must be sent to the front line of the battle against the epidemic and priority should be given to meet the needs of frontline medical staff and patients, according to the article. All-out efforts should be made to improve the admission and survival rates, and reduce the infection and mortality rates, the article says. The article underlines the need to safeguard social stability, the promotion of public education and communication, as well as ensuring a stable economic performance. It also stresses improving the country's emergency management system and capacity of handling urgent, difficult, dangerous and important tasks.
WS5e4887c4a310128217277d2f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e4887c4a310128217277d2f.html	2020-02-16	Latest coronavirus numbers from Hubei	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020 [Photo/Xinhua] Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, reported 1,843 new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus and 139 new fatalities on Saturday, bringing the two numbers up to 56,249 and 1,596 respectively, according to the province's health commission on Sunday. Of the newly confirmed cases, 888 were clinically diagnosed as having the novel coronavirus pneumonia. In Wuhan , the number of confirmed cases rose to 39,462 as of Saturday at midnight, followed by Xiaogan and Huanggang, with the number of confirmed cases in the two cities climbing to 3,201and 2,823 respectively. The province also reported 849 new recovery cases on the same day. A total of 5,623 patients in the province have been released from the hospital after recovery by the end of Saturday. A total of 39,447 people sickened by the virus are still under medical treatment in the province, including 8,439 people with serious symptoms and 1,957 are in critical condition. Health authorities in the province have traced 183,183 people with close contact with patients, with 74,261 of them still under medical observation.
WS5e481e91a310128217277d09	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e481e91a310128217277d09.html	2020-02-16	Wang Yi urges global teamwork amid fight against coronavirus epidemic	State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi has called for the reinforcing of global governance and coordination in the face of the novel coronavirus outbreak, and he anticipated that China's long-term economic growth will not be compromised by the epidemic. "Winter will pass, and spring is sure to come," Wang said when addressing the annual Munich Security Conference in Munich, Germany, on Saturday. The epidemic's outbreak has once again reminded people that countries' futures are closely linked and "global governance and international coordination must be strengthened without any delay". The senior diplomat noted that China's rigorous and thorough measures are paying off, and although the epidemic has posed a severe challenge to China's economic and social development, "the difficulties will be temporary and short-lived". "With its strong resilience, potential and vitality, the Chinese economy is well positioned to overcome all risks and challenges. The fundamentals sustaining sound economic growth have not changed and will not change," Wang said. Quoting the Chinese saying that "after the storm comes the rainbow", Wang said the country's pent-up consumer demand and growth potential will be quickly unleashed and the country will enjoy sounder and more sustainable economic and social development. The country has effectively curbed the spread of the outbreak beyond its borders, and "has made extraordinary efforts and a heavy sacrifice" for that, Wang said. He added that China is not fighting alone, because the international community has given valuable moral and material support. This joint fight is strengthening the friendship between the Chinese people and peoples across the world, he said. Speaking on how to better translate multilateralism into action, Wang said countries should pursue shared development, major countries should set a good example, and nations should uphold international norms and see the world as one community. China respects the choices of Western countries, while the West also needs to abandon its prejudices and anxieties regarding China, respect the choices of the Chinese people and accept and welcome the development and rejuvenation of a major country in the East, Wang said.
WS5e481b22a310128217277d03	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/16/WS5e481b22a310128217277d03.html	2020-02-16	WHO offers urgent rallying cry over novel coronavirus	The head of the World Health Organization has called on the international community to address the misinformation, "stigma and hate" generated by the ongoing novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak, and called on governments to increase funding and preparedness for the epidemic. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director general of the World Health Organization, or WHO, said that there remains an emergency situation in China due to the disease, which is called COVID-19. "We are encouraged that the steps China has taken to contain the COVID-19 outbreak at its source appear to have bought the world time, even though those steps have come at great cost to China itself," Ghebreyesus said from the Munich Security Conference in Germany on Saturday. He added: "Let me be clear: it is impossible to predict which direction this COVID-19 outbreak will take. What I can tell you is what encourages us, and what concerns us." Ghebreyesus said the WHO is concerned by the continued increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in China, as well as recent reports from China about the number of health workers who have been infected or who have died. He also said that the international community has failed to raise sufficient funds to combat the outbreak. "We're concerned by the lack of urgency in funding the COVID-19 response," he said. "We're concerned about the severe disruption in the market for personal protective equipment, which is putting front-line health workers and carers at risk." Ghebreyesus condemned the cycle of "panic and neglect" that the international community finds itself in during and between outbreaks. "We throw money at an outbreak, and when it's over, we forget about it and do nothing to prevent the next one," he said ."The world spends billions of dollars preparing for a terrorist attack, but relatively little preparing for the attack of a disease, which could be far more deadly and far more damaging economically, politically and socially. This is frankly difficult to understand, and dangerously short-sighted." Ghebreyesus criticized those that use epidemics to forward political agendas, and also warned against prejudice. "The greatest enemy we face is not the coronavirus itself - it is the stigma that turns us against each other. We must stop stigma and hate," he said. "Too much has been written and said about my praise for China. I have given credit where it's due and I will continue to do that, as I would for any country that fights an outbreak aggressively at its source to protect its own people and the world, even at great cost to itself." He added: "It's easy to blame. It's easy to politicize. It's harder to tackle a problem together, and find solutions together. We will all learn lessons from this COVID-19 outbreak. But now is not the time for recriminations or politicization." Ghebreyesus said the WHO is worried about the level of misinformation online regarding the virus, and confirmed that the organization has been working with major tech companies including Facebook, Youtube, Google, Tencent and Tiktok to ensure that credible health information and advice is promoted on the web. He also called on governments to improve coordination in epidemic preparedness and response. "It is not a job for the health minister alone," he said. "It takes a whole-of-government approach. But that approach must be coherent and coordinated, guided by evidence and public health priorities. In many countries, measures have been taken by one part of government without appropriate consultation with the health ministry, or consideration of the impact of those measures."
WS5e480e64a310128217277cfe	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e480e64a310128217277cfe.html	2020-02-15	Eight of the nine confirmed UK novel coronavirus patients discharged	Eight of the nine people being treated for novel coronavirus pneumonia in the United Kingdom have been discharged from hospital, UK health authorities announced on Saturday. Those discharged had all tested negative for the disease, which is also called COVID-19, on two occasions. "I want to stress that any individuals who are discharged from hospital are now well and do not pose any public health risk to the public," UK Health Secretary Matt Hancock said. Five of those discharged belonged to a ski group that had contracted the virus while on a trip to France. "All of our group, including the six in other countries, have recovered quickly from the virus having required minimal medical treatment during our time in isolation," the group said in a joint statement on Saturday.
WS5e47c719a310128217277cb5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e47c719a310128217277cb5.html	2020-02-15	France confirms first novel coronavirus death in Europe	An 80-year-old Chinese man has died of novel coronavirus pneumonia at a hospital in France, marking the first fatality from the disease in Europe and the first outside of Asia.  The man, a tourist from China, had been battling the virus, which is also called COVID-19, for three weeks at a hospital in Paris before succumbing to a lung infection, the French Health Minister Agnes Buzyn confirmed on Saturday. Prior to the death in France, there had been three deaths outside of the Chinese mainland - one in Hong Kong, one in Japan, and one in the Philippines.
WS5e47c4eda310128217277caa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e47c4eda310128217277caa.html	2020-02-15	Some coronavirus vaccine varieties undergoing animal testing	The press conference of the Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council is held in Beijing on Saturday. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] China has put some varieties of the vaccine for the novel coronavirus into animal tests as researchers are making their utmost efforts to shorten the development time period, a senior official with the Ministry of Science and Technology said on Saturday. Zhang Xinmin, head of the China National Center for Biotechnology Development with the ministry, said China strives to promote international cooperation in the vaccine development and domestic research teams are progressing basically in parallel with their foreign counterparts. However, he stressed that it must be understood that as a product to be used by healthy people, safety should always be the priority for vaccine development, rather than the development speed. "Researchers need to be given enough time to develop safe and effective vaccines because their research and development have to follow scientific rules and strict management standards," Zhang said at a news conference in Beijing. He said the novel coronavirus is a new pathogen, so the research and development of a vaccine is complex and needs time. To speed up the process, China has formed joint research teams, and they are testing different varieties of vaccines to improve the success rate.
WS5e47c428a310128217277ca5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e47c428a310128217277ca5.html	2020-02-15	Nation's youngest coronavirus patient cured and released from hospital	A 67-day-old baby on Saturday became China's youngest novel coronavirus pneumonia patient to be cured and discharged from hospital so far. The baby girl was 55 days old when she was diagnosed with the disease in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, on Feb 2. She went to Hubei province together with her parents to spend the Spring Festival holiday. Her parents were also infected and diagnosed in late January. Doctors from Guizhou Provincial People's Hospital consulted with professors in Beijing and made a specific treatment plan for the baby. After 13 days of treatment, she was cured and discharged together with her mother.
WS5e47bad4a310128217277c96	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e47bad4a310128217277c96.html	2020-02-15	Drugs with potential against coronavirus in human trials	[Photo/VCG] Three existing drugs deemed promising in working against the novel coronavirus have entered human trials in China, with some participant patients demonstrating evident improvement, Zhang Xinmin, head of the China National Center for Biotechnology Development, said on Saturday. Chinese scientists had sifted through 70,000 drugs and chemical compounds during an initial round of screening for promising medications and narrowed their focus down on 5,000 applicants, Zhang said.  Later, 100 drugs were selected for in vitro trials and three drugs that hold great promise - chloroquine diphosphate, favipiravir and remdesivir - are undergoing human trials in the country. Chloroquine diphosphate, mainly used to prevent or treat malaria, is under trial in more than 10 hospitals in Beijing and Guangdong province, enrolling over 100 patients infected with the novel coronavirus. Trial programs in Hunan province are also in the pipeline, Zhang said.  "The drug is already sold on the market, which validates its safety," he added. Researchers in Guangdong's Shenzhen city are carrying out human trials using favipiravir, an antiviral drug that inhibits the influenza virus. More than 70 patients have participated in the trial program, including those put on a control group that receives a placebo.   "The drug has shown effective results against the novel coronavirus and led to little to mild adverse reactions in patients," Zhang said. "Three to four days into the trial, the proportion of infected patients who turned negative for the virus is significantly higher for patients administered with the favipiravir than the control group." Remdesivir, an experimental drug originally created by the American biotechnology company Gilead to test against Ebola, is undergoing clinical trials both in China and overseas, according to Zhang.  "The medication is being trialed in over 10 medical institutions in Wuhan," Zhang said. "The drug has so far displayed adequate inhibitive impact on the virus and is believed to be relatively safe. In the US, a patient has recovered after receiving the treatment." he said.  "The next step is to share outcomes from human trials with front-line medical workers," Zhang added.  Zhou Qi, a senior official with the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said despite the urgency and the mounting anticipation for an effective drug to treat the potentially fatal pathogen, Chinese scientists are strictly abiding by the standard procedures of drug development and will not lower standards under the pressure.  "Authorities have already granted all possible green lights to facilitate scientific research, but when it comes to science, there is no murky terrain," he said.  "For instance, before initiating human trials, a large amount of efforts must be devoted to experimenting with animal models. These steps are demanding but indispensable," Zhou said.  He added that scientists will forge ahead to make scientific judgment over promising drugs and dedicate intense efforts to bringing these drugs to clinical settings. 
WS5e47aa99a310128217277c82	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e47aa99a310128217277c82.html	2020-02-15	Egypt confirms first case of novel coronavirus infection	[Cai Meng/China Daily] The Egyptian Ministry of Health and Population confirmed the country's first case of the novel coronavirus infection on Friday. This is the first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus pneumonia in Africa. The patient was a "foreigner" who was transferred to hospital and quarantined and did not show any serious symptoms, said the ministry on its official Twitter account.
WS5e47aa92a310128217277c7e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e47aa92a310128217277c7e.html	2020-02-15	Shanghai painter creates two art pieces per day to pay homage to “white soldiers” on the coronavirus frontline	Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online] Li Zhong, painter and president of the Artist Association of Fengxian District, Shanghai, has been producing paintings to pay homage to frontline workers in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. "As I'm staying at home, I can do nothing but paint to show my respect for them," said Li. Since February, Li has been creating two art pieces per day on the theme of "combating the epidemic in solidarity". "I will continue to use my paintbrush to depict Wuhan and all the people that have devoted themselves to fighting against the virus," said Li.[Photo/People's Daily Online]
WS5e479af4a310128217277c6a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e479af4a310128217277c6a.html	2020-02-15	The NBA is all in to support the fight against the coronavirus	A support message "Stay Strong Wuhan" is displayed on the jumbotron in English and Chinese during the Rising Stars Game at the NBA All-Star Weekend in Chicago on February 15, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadailly.com.cn] The National Basketball Association (NBA) is taking active measures to support China's efforts to battle against the outbreak of the coronavirus as the league made immediate donation of medical equipment to hospitals in Wuhan and shared its words of encourage to China at the ongoing NBA All-Star Weekend in Chicago. The NBA has made three batches of medical equipment worth 18.5 million yuan ($2.65 million) to the hospitals in Wuhan. A total of 55 monitors and a mobile digital x-ray machine have been put into use in the Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University and the Wuhan No 4 hospital respectively, while a CT scanner will be delivered to the Leishenshan Hospital this weekend. At the Rising Stars Game, a game played by the best first- and second-year US and international players during the NBA All-Star Weekend in Chicago, a support message reads "Stay Strong Wuhan" was displayed on the jumbotron in the arena in English and Chinese. The medical equipment donated by the NBA is loaded onto a truck in Beijing on February 15, 2020. The equipment will be shipped to the Leishenshan Hospital this weekend. [Photo provided to chinadailly.com.cn] As of today, more than 50 NBA players and legends have voiced their support for China's anti-coronavirus efforts through social media including NBA Champions and All-Star players such as Stephen Curry, Dwayne Wade, Kyrie Irving and Scottie Pippen. "I wanted to send our thoughts and prayers to everybody in Wuhan and across China dealing with this virus," said Curry in a video posted on NBA Weibo. "We are thinking about the doctors and the medical staff who are taking care of the situation." The NBA's support to China has been consistent over the decades. The league and its players have been involved in many of China's disaster relief efforts including earthquakes in Wenchuan and Ya'an in Sichuan province, Yushu in Qinghai province and Zhaotong in Yunnan province.
WS5e477637a310128217277c37	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e477637a310128217277c37.html	2020-02-15	New coronavirus cases in Wuhan in daily decline since Feb 1	Gao Yongzhe writes down his wife's name on her protective gown in a Wuhan Fang Cang makeshift hospital on Feb 14, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] The number of new cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia infections has been on the decline on a daily basis in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak in Hubei province, since Feb 1, a senior official of the National Health Commission said on Saturday. Liang Wannian, director of the commission's medical reform department and also head of the expert team for the epidemic response, made the remarks at an online news conference organized by the State Council Information Office in Wuhan. However, Liang said, other cities in Hubei such as Xiaogan and Huanggang have witnessed a rise in the new cases of infections with some cities at the prefecture level having found transmissions of the virus in communities. "Generally, the speed of the disease transmission in communities in those areas is relatively slow, and consistent spread or concentrated outbreaks are rarely seen," he added. Noting that, throughout the country, other areas, except for Hubei, have seen a decline of 10 days in a row for new cases of infections, Liang said that Wuhan and Hubei province remain the top priority forthe epidemic control efforts. The existing prevention and control measures will continue to be adopted in key areas such as Wuhan, he said, adding such measures will be carried out rigorously at the community level, even infamilies and individuals, to ultimately cut the transmission routes and reduce infection and morality rates.
WS5e47529fa310128217277bc8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e47529fa310128217277bc8.html	2020-02-15	The coronavirus will not debilitate China's economy	[SHI YU/CHINA DAILY] Five days before the Chinese New Year, the authorities in Beijing declared the coronavirus epidemic in Wuhan to be a major public health emergency. Unsurprisingly, China's economy is slowing down. The service sector, which includes retail, tourism, hotels and transportation, and accounts for more than half of the country's GDP, is suffering severely. Disruption in this sector will in turn affect manufacturing. And growing international concern at the continued spread of the virus might further strain trade and limit the movement of people. The key question is whether the epidemic will last much longer. My answer is no. The novel coronavirus epidemic is very unlikely to last long. Despite all the problems, China undoubtedly still has an unparalleled ability to mobilize resources in response to a large-scale emergency. During the last two weeks, for example, official efforts aimed at controlling panic have been first-rate. In addition to ordering a nationwide mobilization of medical personnel and resources (including from the military), the authorities have been assessing major hospitals' capabilities to diagnose and treat coronavirus patients. More important, as part of a national disease-control campaign announced on Jan 20, officials are identifying and observing any citizen who traveled to and from Wuhan since the outbreak began. Meanwhile, urban communities and rural villages alike have tightened access restrictions in order to reduce unnecessary movements and aggregations of people, even establishing temporary rationing systems to distribute face masks to families and individuals. In addition, holidays have been extended and schools remain closed. By helping to minimize the public's exposure to the peak of the epidemic, these steps are playing an effective role in curbing the spread of infection. There is a higher probability that the increase in the number of infections will slow down in the coming weeks. It is still too early to assess the full economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak. However, the key factor will not be the epidemic's range or severity, but rather its duration. The sooner the epidemic is over, the quicker China's economy will recover, given its growth trend. Although severe control measures will weaken immediate economic performance, they should help to end the outbreak earlier and so enable the economy to pick up steam again. The epidemic will only create a short-term economic slowdown, it will not significantly alter the Chinese economy's medium-and long-term growth trend. Once the coronavirus crisis passes, therefore, the economy will bounce back and return to its previous course. Back in 2003, for example, most economists and researchers estimated that the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak would lower China's second-quarter GDP growth by about one-fifth, but shave less than 0.5 percentage points off the full-year figure. These forecasts reflected the limited number of regions and sectors affected by SARS, as well as the expectation that the outbreak would last no more than three months. In the event, second-quarter GDP growth fell by two percentage points, much as expected. At the time, China's economy was expanding by about 10 percent annually, and the SARS-induced slowdown was quickly offset by subsequent strong growth. So, on a graph of Chinese growth from 2002 to 2007, the impact of the SARS outbreak is not even visible. Although the scope of the coronavirus outbreak now exceeds that of SARS, its duration will be the key factor for assessing the extent of its impact on the economy. Current data suggest that the epidemic will likely reach a turning point in the coming weeks. That would mean China might conquer the virus in the first quarter, which is essential to mitigate the epidemic's impact on overall growth in 2020. True, China's annual GDP growth of just over 6 percent in the last several years is much slower than at the time of the SARS outbreak. But the Chinese authorities can still ensure a robust recovery through targeted fiscal and monetary policy adjustments that support small and medium-sized enterprises and service-sector businesses affected by the coronavirus epidemic. According to my preliminary estimates, the worst-case scenario is that the epidemic lowers GDP growth in the first quarter by one-third or half, leaving the figure 2-3 percentage points lower than in the first quarter of 2019.But if things start to look up in the second quarter, the ensuing rebound will partly offset that drop. And with the necessary macroeconomic policy adjustments in place, economic growth will accelerate again during the second half of the year. Provided there are no further external shocks, continued policy loosening should limit the full-year decline in GDP growth to 0.5-1 percentage point. That would imply a 5-5.5% full-year economic expansion in 2020, which is still largely in line with China's current growth trend. But it is not yet clear whether the Chinese government, currently preoccupied with tackling the epidemic, will cut its GDP growth target for this year accordingly. Zhang Jun is dean of the School of Economics at Fudan University and director of the China Center for Economic Studies, a Shanghai-based think tank. The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily. Project Syndicate
WS5e474b4ca310128217277bb1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e474b4ca310128217277bb1.html	2020-02-15	66,492 coronavirus cases confirmed on Chinese mainland	The Chinese mainland has confirmed 66,492 infection cases of the novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Friday midnight, with 2,641 newly confirmed cases reported on the day, the National Health Commission said on Saturday morning. On Friday, 143 died of the disease, bringing the death toll across the mainland to 1,523, and another 2,277 new suspected cases and 849 cases with severe symptoms were also reported on the same day, according to the commission. It said that 1,373 people were released from the hospital and 30,081 discharged from medical observation on Friday. So far, 8,096 have recovered and no longer need to be hospitalized, it said. The mainland has traced 513,183 people who had close contact with the patients as of Friday midnight and 169,039 of them are under medical observation, it added. According to the commission, 56 cases have been confirmed in the Hong Kong Special Administration Region, 10 in the Macao SAR and 18 in Taiwan by now. Hubei province, the epicenter of the disease, reported 2,420 new confirmed cases on Friday, bringing the provincial total of confirmed infections to 54,406, the local health commission said on Saturday. The province also added 139 new deaths and 912 new recovery cases on the same day, according to the commission. Of the newly confirmed cases, 1,138 were clinically diagnosed as having the novel coronavirus pneumonia. As of Friday midnight, a total of 4,774 patients in the province have been released from the hospital while 38,107 are still being hospitalized -- 8,276 of them with severe symptoms and 1,876 in critical condition. The commission said that out of the 5,534 suspected infections, 5,149 are receiving quarantine in the province, adding that another 176,148 people who were in close contact with patients have been traced and 77,323 of them are under medical observation.
WS5e472d79a310128217277b8e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e472d79a310128217277b8e.html	2020-02-15	Can smoking prevent novel coronavirus?	[Photo/Agencies] An article recently circulating on China's social media platform WeChat claimed smokers have been infected by the novel coronavirus pneumonia at a far lower rate than non-smokers. The article posted on the WeChat public account Yaojiang Yaoshuo Ketang made the conclusion based on data published in a paper on clinical symptoms of patients infected with the novel coronavirus, co-authored by experts including Zhong Nanshan, a renowned respiratory scientist. According to the data in the paper, among 1,099 pneumonia patients surveyed, 927 were non-smokers, accounting for 85.4 percent of the total; 21 had a history of smoking, accounting for 1.9 percent; and 137 were smokers, accounting for 12.6 percent. A slew of health experts refuted the conclusion, saying it is a rumor taken out of context. "Composition ratio of infected cases is a different concept than infection ratio of the generation population," said Wang Ke'an, former director of the Thinktank Research Center for Health Development. The paper analyzed the composition ratio of infected cases, or the proportions of smokers and non-smokers in the patients. The claim that smokers' infection rate is lower than that of nonsmokers is a disguised replacement of concepts, he said. Zhang Jianshu, president of the Beijing Cigarette Control Association, said the writer of the article took advantage of public panic over the novel coronavirus to promote the tobacco industry. Zhang Ye, head physician at the pneumology department of Beijing Hepingli Hospital, said so far there have been no findings or data showing nicotine, a major element in cigarettes, has an anti-viral effect or prevents infections. Zhang said nicotine can cause respiratory failure and paralysis. As has been known, smoking harms people's health. It weakens the immune system, accelerates the onset of senility and worsens diabetes and blood pressure, among other things.
WS5e46fde8a310128217277b58	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e46fde8a310128217277b58.html	2020-02-15	Transport measures key to containing coronavirus	Premier Li Keqiang inspects the Beijing West Railway Station on Feb 14. [Photo/Xinhua] Premier Li Keqiang underlined the importance of reducing the risk of spreading the novel coronavirus through the flow of people coming back from the Spring Festival holiday as he inspected the Beijing West Railway Station on Friday. But the peak traffic season after the Spring Festival seen in previous years will not occur this year, according to the result of big data analysis of ticket booking and passenger flows. The same situation applies to other transportation and civil aviation sectors. Li urged epidemic preventive measures to be implemented in a detailed way and multiple measures to be adopted at the same time to avoid large numbers of people returning at the same time. Li was briefed on the off-peak dispatch of trains nationwide and the trends of passenger flows in the coming days at the station's dispatch and command center. Saying that epidemic prevention and control is still at a critical period while work and production are resuming in a majority of places, Li urged efforts to strengthen the monitoring of passenger flows and reasonable arrangement of ticket sales. Li instructed that policies that temporarily lift all tolls on toll roads, including those for cars, passenger cars and trucks, be worked out promptly. No effort should be spared to implement all preventive measures to better guarantee the smooth transportation of key medical protective supplies and life necessities and reduce companies' logistics costs. Traffic expectations should be well guided to realize people's orderly and balanced travel, and orderly resumption of work and production should be promoted while avoiding contagion, Li said. The premier stressed the importance of personnel flows and guaranteeing the supply of preventive materials and daily necessities. Epidemic preventive measures on public transportation vehicles and stations should be put into practice to enable passengers to travel safely and at ease, he said. To ensure smooth and effective transportation, activities including arbitrarily setting up checkpoints and blocking traffic will be corrected, Li said.
WS5e46d0c7a310128217277b41	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e46d0c7a310128217277b41.html	2020-02-15	US stocks slip after spike in coronavirus cases	[Photo/Agencies] US stocks closed lower Thursday after China said a change in reporting methodology resulted in a sharp increase in infections and deaths from the new strain of coronavirus. The decline followed a strong performance on Wednesday, when all three major US stock indexes closed at record highs as fears about the new coronavirus penumonia, also called COVID-19, appeared to ease. On Thursday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 128.11 points, or 0.4 percent and closed at 29,423.31. The S&P 500 slid 5.51 points, or 0.2 percent, to 3373.94. The Nasdaq Composite dipped 13.99 points, or 0.1 percent, to 9711.97. For the first time, China reported clinically diagnosed cases in addition to laboratory-confirmed cases of the coronavirus. Overnight, 14,840 cases, including 13,332 clinically diagnosed cases, were reported in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak, the World Health Organization (WHO) said. There have been 15 confirmed cases of the virus in the US, and the outbreak is limited to six states, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said. But New York investment bank Goldman Sachs said a decline in tourism and exports to China could slice as much as half a percentage point off annualized US growth in the first quarter. The China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, a government-backed organization, on Thursday said auto sales in January fell 18 percent to 1.94 million vehicles. Sales usually decline during the Lunar New Year celebration, but the decline may continue into February as major cities such as Wuhan are locked down and travel is restricted. While US stock markets showed a mild case of the jitters, the threat of economic disruption caused by the virus lowered demand for oil, and depressed prices. The International Energy Agency (IEA), an autonomous intergovernmental organization based in Paris, said Thursday that worldwide demand for oil is likely to drop in the first three months of 2020 — the first decline in more than 10 years. The IEA also reduced its growth forecast by 30 percent, or 365,000 barrels a day, from its January estimate. "Global oil demand has been hit hard by the novel coronavirus and the widespread shutdown of China's economy," IEA said in a report. "The consequences of Covid-19 for global oil demand will be significant." The price of Brent crude, a worldwide benchmark, closed Thursday at $56.51 a barrel, down from a 52-week high of $75.60. The price for West Texas Intermediate Crude, a US benchmark, declined by 10 cents a barrel, or 0.19 percent, to $51.59. The 52-week high is $66.60. (A barrel is 42 gallons, or about 159 liters.) In 2002, China's demand for oil was 5.7 million barrels a day. By 2019, demand had more than doubled to 13.7 million barrels a day, or about 14 percent of the global total and more than 75 percent of global oil demand growth, IEA said. In response to lower demand, producers are cutting back. The IEA said the world's supply of oil declined by about 800,000 barrels a day, including a reduction of 710,000 barrel from OPEC. In December, OPEC agreed to further reduce production by 500,000 barrels to 1.7 million barrels a day until the end of March.
WS5e46d0c4a310128217277b3e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/15/WS5e46d0c4a310128217277b3e.html	2020-02-15	CDC confirms 15th case of coronavirus in US	Eric Kasowski, quarantine Ashland team lead with the CDC (center), answers question during news conference at University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha on Thursday. NATI HARNIK / AP The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has confirmed its 15th case of the coronavirus in the United States as it grapples with how to keep the American public safe. The latest patient to contract the virus, also called COVID-19, was a part of a group of Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, and put under a federal quarantine at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas. Many of the patients under the 14-day quarantine are government employees and their families. All of the evacuees in Texas are being evaluated at a nearby hospital. The patient was the first to test positive among the group, which arrived in the US on Feb 7. "The individual is currently isolated and receiving medical care at a designated hospital nearby," the CDC said. But the agency warned that there could be more cases among those who had recently returned to the US from China. At a base in San Diego, California, a second person who was under quarantine at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar tested positive for the virus. A third person is currently under investigation for the virus, according to Dr Randy Taplitz, the clinical director of infection prevention at UC San Diego Health. Dr Chris Braden, who heads the CDC office in San Diego, said that the two infected patients arrived on separate planes from Hubei province. "There is no indication of person-to-person spread of this virus at the quarantine facility," Braden said. The cases come after another woman from the base, who was infected with the virus, was released due to a labeling error earlier this week and then rehospitalized after officials spotted the mistake. The US government has flown around 800 of its citizens out of Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus. At least 195 of those people were released after being given a clean bill of health on Tuesday. The CDC said that 427 people have been tested for the virus in 41 US states: 347 tested negative, and 66 tests are still pending. Amid the cases in the US, the CDC said last week that it had sent 200 test kits to laboratories across the US and roughly 200 more to labs in more than 30 other countries — but the kits were faulty. The kits, which can test around 700 to 800 specimens from patients, were designed to allow individual US states to test for the virus instead of sending samples to CDC headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. But some labs reportedly got back inconclusive results from the tests while they were being used on a trial basis. The tests were not conducted on actual patients. Kelly Wroblewski, infectious diseases director at the Association of Public Health Laboratories, who is aiding in coordinating the response to the virus, said that the problems with the test were likely caused by a chemical reagent, which was acting unpredictably. "We are looking into all of these issues to understand what went wrong," said Dr Nancy Messonnier, director of the CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases. "This is really part of a normal process and procedure, and we have the quality control set up specifically to allow us to identify these kinds of problems." However, the Illinois Department of Public Health confirmed that it can test for the virus. It is the first state to be able to run the tests in the US. CDC Director Dr Robert Redfield told CNN that the CDC was carefully monitoring cases and using containment to stop it from spreading throughout the US. In New York City, home to the largest Chinese population —more than 570,000 — outside of Asia, Mayor Bill de Blasio warned Thursday against fearmongering and stereotyping of the Chinese community over COVID-19. There have been no cases of the virus in the city, but some Chinese businesses, particularly in the Flushing section of the borough of Queens, said that trade had slowed over fears of the coronavirus. De Blasio told a news conference: "In hard times, New Yorkers know to stand by their neighbors. …We're in Flushing today to embrace Asian-American-owned small businesses and say to all New Yorkers: New York City's Chinatowns are open for business."
WS5e46be56a310128217277b37	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e46be56a310128217277b37.html	2020-02-14	Mix of TCM and Western medicine used to treat coronavirus patients	[Photo/Agencies] A total of 2,220 medical workers trained in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) have participated in treating novel coronavirus patients in Hubei province, a senior expert said Friday. Many of the medical workers also have participated in the fight against the SARS outbreak in 2003, said Huang Luqi, president of China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences. Three national-level TCM teams, organized by the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine, also have been dispatched to Hubei, said Huang, head of the TCM team at Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital. The TCM workers have treated 248 confirmed and suspected novel coronavirus patients, and 159 of them have shown improvement and 51 have been discharged from the hospital, Huang said at a daily news conference in Wuhan. More than 75 percent of novel coronavirus patients in Hubei, and more than 90 percent of patients in other regions of the country, have received TCM treatment, he said. "We hope that Hubei province and Wuhan city can increase the use of TCM in treating confirmed and suspected novel coronavirus patients," Huang said. TCM can shorten the course of disease for patients with severe symptoms, reduce the possibility of mild infections becoming severe, help with patient recovery and disease prevention and offer psychological support to patients, he said. Citing a clinical survey, Huang said 80 percent of patients with severe symptoms and 90 percent of patients with mild symptoms are willing to receive TCM treatments. "The country has published a treatment plan combining TCM with Western medicine for the treatment of novel coronavirus patients, and we hope we can work with colleagues in Western medicine to improve the plan, reduce the death rate and prevent patients with severe symptoms turning into critical patients," he added.
WS5e46b2f4a310128217277b31	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e46b2f4a310128217277b31.html	2020-02-14	Coronavirus sees upsurge in cloud-based working patterns	[Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] While united efforts are being made to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus, since Monday industrial production and business operation have been resuming gradually. To avoid unnecessary workplace gatherings, however, companies encourage employees to work from home, with the help of cloud office systems. On the morning of Feb 3, the first working day after the Spring Festival holiday, tens of thousands of WeChat users took advantage of access to the app's conference function. According to Alibaba, China's e-commerce giant, its enterprise app Ding Talk, used by companies as a "smart mobile office", saw nearly 200 million users start to work at home on the same day. A large number of enterprises officially resumed operation one week later, and the recruitment data of e-commerce company 58.com, showed that 47 percent of companies registered on it resumed operation on that day. On the cloud office platform, the most used functions are remote conference and document collaboration. In addition, health reporting functions have also been popular at this time. Due to overload, major office cloud platforms have suffered frequent collapse, forcing operators to continuously improve the platforms' capacity. Alibaba said it had installed more than 20,000 cloud hosting servers for Ding Talk to cope with rocketing demands of live broadcast and online meeting. From Jan 29 to Feb 6, the Tencent meeting platform had added another 100,000 cloud hosting servers. Tencent revealed that employees in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen write most documents and attend most online meetings. Yet people in those cities do not spend the most time on online meetings, with users in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shandong provinces having the longest average use time. The peak online meeting time appears on 9:04 am and 10:03 am. On Feb 5, Ding Talk surpassed WeChat to be No.1 App downloaded in Apple App Store, the first time an office application to take the lead. Companies in 100 cities are reported to have resumed operation through Ding Talk on Friday. The Minsheng Securities Research Report said that because of the outbreak, more companies were operating by using remote office systems, and it is an important period for employees to cultivate the habit of using cloud office systems.
WS5e46a6b8a310128217277b07	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e46a6b8a310128217277b07.html	2020-02-14	Large portion of Beijing's coronavirus cases are family clusters	Pedestrians in Hong Kong don surgical masks to guard themselves against a pneumonia outbreak first reported in Wuhan, Jan 8, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/China Daily] Family clusters of novel coronavirus cases have made up nearly 20 percent of all confirmed cases so far in Beijing, according to a senior health official from the capital on Friday. As of midnight on Thursday, 77 clusters of infection cases of novel coronavirus were reported in Beijing. Among them, 70 cases were infected by family members, said Pang Xinghuo, deputy director of the Beijing Center for Diseases Prevention and Control, at a daily media briefing by the city's municipal government regarding efforts to contain the virus' spread. "Multiple family clusters of infection cases occurred in Beijing recently, and it's vital to put every citizen under quarantine at home for protection," she said, adding health conditions of the elderly and children should be given particular attention, as seniors with other diseases are much easier to get affected and be critically ill. Pang also gave an example during the daily media briefing that in a family with four generations in Beijing, seven family members lived together and three relatives from other places went to visit the family in the middle of January, arriving via Wuhan, epicenter of the outbreak. Nine people out of 10 in the family appeared to have symptoms of the novel coronavirus successively on Jan 23. The family members didn't have close contact with neighbors or coworkers after being infected, Pang said. For protection, reporting information about family visits from other places to neighborhood committees is important, said Pang, also advising residents in the capital live separately from their visitors. Daily body temperature checks should also be conducted for the families if visitors come, and relevant monitoring as well as protection measures should be adopted, Pang added. By the end of Thursday, Beijing had confirmed 372 cases with three deaths, one died of other illness and 79 cured, according to the city's health commission. Another 289 patients are under quarantine for medical treatment at designated local hospitals.
WS5e4699caa310128217277af3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e4699caa310128217277af3.html	2020-02-14	Guangdong insurance companies relax requirements to aid coronavirus patients	An online customer-service staff member deals with trip cancelations at Ctrip during the Spring Festival holiday. [Photo provided to China Daily] Fifty-five commercial insurance companies in Guangdong province have loosened requirements on compensation to clients to better serve patients during the novel coronavirus epidemic. The requirements include those on selection of hospitals for medical treatment, social medical insurance spending during the treatment, medicines used but not covered by social medical insurance and procedures for extending hospital time, said Ren Qinghua, deputy director of the Guangdong bureau of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, at a press conference in Guangzhou on Friday. Some commercial insurance companies in cities like Zhuhai and Foshan in Guangdong have expanded coverage of their products by working with local social medical insurance institutions. Commercial insurance companies in Guangdong have so far paid 710,800 yuan ($101,799) to 14 patients infected with novel coronavirus. Online processing of cases has been adopted during the epidemic. In one case, a patient in Foshan received compensation half an hour after uploading related documents online, Ren said. Commercial insurance companies in Guangdong have donated insurance products to police officers, medical workers, volunteers and some of their family members to support their contribution to epidemic control. Thirty-three of them have so far provided free products to 2.3 million people, with coverage totaling 1.2 trillion yuan ($171.9 billion), Ren said.
WS5e4684b7a310128217277ab9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e4684b7a310128217277ab9.html	2020-02-14	96-year-old coronavirus patient makes full recovery	A 96-year-old novel coronavirus patient is discharged from a hospital in Hangzhou, Feb 14, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A 96-year-old novel coronavirus patient has recovered and has been discharged from a hospital in Hangzhou on Thursday, making the patient likely the world's oldest person to have recovered from the disease. The patient, who was treated in the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University, suffered from severe lung inflammation and was placed in the Intensive Care Unit due to the patient's advanced age and condition. After careful antiviral medical treatments and hormone therapy, the patient gradually recovered and met discharge standards to leave the hospital.
WS5e466d34a310128217277aaa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e466d34a310128217277aaa.html	2020-02-14	Plasma of recovered patients effective in treating coronavirus: expert	None
WS5e466be9a310128217277a9f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e466be9a310128217277a9f.html	2020-02-14	Mobile World Congress called off due to coronavirus outbreak	The Mobile World Congress, the world's biggest telecom conference, has been cancelled amid global concerns regarding the novel coronavirus outbreak. Several major European telecom companies such as Vodafone and Nokia withdrew earlier this week.
WS5e4647e3a3101282172779fb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e4647e3a3101282172779fb.html	2020-02-14	Notice from Mogan Mountain of Huzhou Hi-tech Industry Development Zone to recruit agencies for key scientific and technological tasks in prevention and control of the novel coronavirus pneumonia	Winning the battle against the novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) is currently the most important task for all concerned. The epidemic prevention and control effort directly concerns people's lives, health, overall socioeconomic stability and the country's opening-up drive. All parties in society are taking active actions and playing their part in fighting the epidemic. The urgent need to prevent and control NCP is the mobilization order blowing the trumpet for action. As one of the top-100 high-tech zones of the nation, the Mogan Mountain of Huzhou Hi-tech Industry Development Zone (hereinafter referred to as hi-tech zone), has always adhere to the innovative development and excels in areas such as biomedicine, advanced-equipment manufacturing, geoinformation, civil aviation and AI. To further strengthen the epidemic prevention and control, cut off sources of infection and risk, and better ensure the safety and health of people, the hi-tech zone is prioritizing the efficient innovation and application of products concerning preventative work. Based on the special requirements for NPC prevention and the demand for the construction of a pilot zone for the development of new-generation artificial intelligence in Deqing county, the hi-tech zone has made the recruitment plan below: I Objectives With a focus on scientific and technological innovation and application in preventing and controlling the spread of novel coronavirus, the hi-tech zone plans to source agencies which have mastered core technologies and the ability to innovate, and create a group of products, platforms and services that are advanced in technology, excellent in performance and effective in application. All of them are expected to be applied in the preventative work soon and become a benchmark for the positive role of science and technology in the fight against the virus. II Tasks ⅰMedical detection a) Intelligent temperature check technology Any applicant that claims to have or be capable of developing this technology should have the ability to eliminate data deviation caused by environmental factors in virtue of technologies such as infrared imaging and the internet of things. The technology is expected to check temperatures of large groups of people in real time to safeguard the health of people. b) Reagent for quick test Any applicant that claims to be able to fulfill the task is required to develop a reagent with low cost for quick detection of the novel coronavirus. The sensitivity and specificity of the test should both be 100 percent and the reagent should be of value in the application and promotion at grassroots level. c) Auxiliary diagnosis system for fever clinics Any applicant for this task should be able to create an auxiliary system to help with diagnosis at fever clinics. The system is expected to help record patients' data including epidemiological histories and temperatures through voice prompts and self-service entering, and assist doctors with prognosis to reduce patient waiting time. d) Auxiliary diagnosis system for medical imaging Applicants for this task are required to be able to develop a system with functions of collecting medical imaging data in a standardized and normalized way, and recognizing lung images intelligently based on technologies including artificial intelligence. The system is expected to make initial judgements on NCP, and ensure the rate of failing to pinpoint a disease is below 5 percent and the accuracy rate above 85 percent. Through artificial intelligence and deep learning, the system should be able to improve its knowledge base to increase accuracy in diagnosis. ⅱEpidemic prevention and control e) Analysis and release system for epidemic information The system is expected to give early warnings, trace sources, report real-time information and release authoritative information with the help of technologies such as big data, natural language processing and artificial intelligence. f) Management system for people who need special attention Based on technologies including facial recognition, vehicle recognition and blockchain, this system is expected to work in picking people with high risk of being infected, implementing precise prevention, applying for passes online and resuming production. It is required to be able to help deal with companies' applications for the resumption of operation, and collect and analyze the information of people who intend to return to work. g) Management and control system in key areas Any applicant for the task is expected to develop a system that is capable of disinfecting spaces, providing alarms, monitoring and publicizing information automatically based on technologies such as geographic information systems, robotics and unmanned aerial vehicles. ⅲEveryday life h) Unmanned delivery vehicles Applicants that claim to be able to fulfill the task are required to develop driverless vehicles for the delivery of parcels, daily necessities and production supplies to help residents and companies avoid direct contact amid the epidemic. These vehicles might be conducive to the improvement of convenience in living and production. i) Intelligent system for clocking in and out This system, to be applied in public places with large population mobility such as shopping malls, supermarkets and financial institutions, is required to use the technologies of big data and artificial intelligence to monitor the entry and exit of people, and achieve the functions of automatic card-punching, data storage and decentralized management. j) Digitalized office system The office system is expected to provide digital services based on artificial intelligence and big data to increase the work efficiency of individuals and teams. The virtual reality technology is required to ensure that real scenes and data of land, factories and workplaces can be shown to clients even without field trips. An online system for contract signing should be also included for projects the negotiations on which are near completion. k) Online education platform Applicants should be qualified to establish an online education platform with the technologies of 5G, cloud computing and facial recognition. The platform, able for live streaming and managing teaching affairs, is expected to assist with the operation of remote teaching and working. I) Service robots These robots are expected to provide services concerning smart temperature checks, routine inspections, medical assistance, disinfection and material delivery. Key technologies concerning intelligent interaction, intelligent manipulation, three-dimensional imaging, man-machine collaborative interface and precise and safe manipulation are required. ⅳBasic platforms m) Technological platform Any applicant should be able to build a computing service platform to help with gene sequencing, development of vaccines and medicines, and protein screening with improved computing and artificial intelligence technologies. n) International exchange platform Applicants for this task are required to have the ability to build a platform for international exchanges and cooperation. Global resources concerning equipment, technologies, information, materials, legal consulting and financial services should be available on the platform to further curb the spread of the novel coronavirus and to stimulate economic development after the epidemic more efficiently. o) Other Other technologies, products, services and platforms that are needed for the epidemic prevention and control. ⅢSteps for application ⅰTo apply for the task Applicants should have a strong ability to innovate and own the intellectual property rights on products or services that are needed for fulfilling the tasks as listed above. Legal entities with advanced and promising technologies, including companies, colleges and universities, and research institutes, are qualified for the application, as well as hybrid teams made up of people from different units. Applicants need to complete tasks within a prescribed period once selected. ⅱTo prepare application materials a) To fill out application form Applicants need to fill in the application form in accordance with the template in the first attachment. The letter of commitment in the second attachment needs to be filled in and affixed by the official stamp of the legal entity. b) To prepare proof materials ① Copies of the Certificate of Organization Code, Tax Registration Certificate and the business license, or a copy of the business license with the organization code, taxpayer's registration number and the social security number. ② A copy of the identity card of the person in charge of the project and his resume (with official stamp) ③ Proof materials about the research and development abilities of the applicant, such as patents, standards and intellectual property rights ④ Honors the applicant has achieved, such as materials about a high-tech company, a key laboratory, a technological center in a company, and honors in competitions ⑤ Proof materials about the function and application of the products or services, such as a third-party test result c) Other requirements ① Electronic versions of all materials are needed. ② PDF version of the documents with stamps are needed. ③ Detailed explanation on the conformity to requirements of the task need to be made in the application form. ④ All documents need to be decrypted and the applicant is responsible for the security review. ⅲTo submit materials a) Way of submission All materials need to be put in a compressed file and sent to a designated email box. b) Contact information Wang Tong (王彤): +86 15905727201; wangtong@zju.edu.cn Shen Chenhong (沈晨虹): +86 13757230818 Zhang Jiayin (张佳音): +86 18957290719 Pan Jiafang (潘佳芳): +86 18268294516 ⅳProcedures a) The applicant submits electronic materials. b) Organizers choose the best from plans submitted. c) Organizers inform applicants of the results. d) Organizers provide prototypes and equipment. ⅴDeadline for submission Midnight of Feb 29, 2020 ⅣPolicy support For all tasks above, a total of 10 million yuan ($1.43 million) will be given as funding. After experts' review, qualified applicants that are chosen to fulfill the tasks (at most one for each) will be funded no more than 800,000 yuan. Meanwhile, they will be invited to carry out applications countywide in Deqing. New ventures will be invited to incubate their projects at the hi-tech zone and enjoy policy support. Difficulties can only be tided over quickly through joint efforts. Let's work on the development of AI products and solutions with a great passion for the regions that need them most. Let's support the prevention and control of NCP with technologies. AttachmentⅠ: Application form AttachmentⅡ: Letter of commitment Please scan the QR code to download the attachments.   Administration Committee of Mogan Mountain of Huzhou Hi-tech Industry Development Zone Feb 12, 2020
37533665	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/jiangsu/taicang/2020-02/14/content_37533665.htm	2020-02-14	Partner city helps Taicang combat coronavirus	Medical supplies from Japan are offloaded at Taicang port, Jiangsu province on Feb 3. [Photo/WeChat account: taicangdaily] The Japanese city of Shimonoseki donated 2,800 face masks, 300 protective suits, and 1,000 medical gloves to Taicang, Jiangsu province, on Feb 3 to support the city's battle against the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic. "It’s not easy to collect medical supplies under the current situation, but we still want to be of some help," said a spokesperson of Shimonoseki Port, "second round of supplies will arrive in about a week." The partnership between the Taicang and Shimonoseki ports has contributed significantly to Sino-Japan economic and trade cooperation over the past few years, according to the administrative committee of Taicang port. Local authorities expressed gratitude for the timely assistance and promised that Taicang Port would implement multiple measures in 2020 to make the Taicang-Shimonoseki trade route more efficient. A sea route between Taicang and Shimonoseki that was launched in September 2006 has greatly increased Sino-Japanese trade and attracted companies such as Panasonic, Sharp, and Canon. Shintaro Maeda, mayor of Shimonoseki, said during a visit in December 2019 that the two cities share many similarities and he hopes to broaden cooperation with Taicang port. Japan is Taicang's third largest business partner, and more than 170 Japanese enterprises operate in the city, forming several industrial clusters and attracting manufacturers such as Honda Motor, Toyota Tsusho, Komatsu, Sojitz Group, and Nippon Steel.
WS5e465130a310128217277a30	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e465130a310128217277a30.html	2020-02-14	ChemChina digging in deep for coronavirus fight	The company logo of China National Chemical Corp, or ChemChina, is seen at its headquarters in Beijing, Feb 3, 2017. [Photo/Agencies] China National Chemical Corp, or ChemChina, the centrally administrated State-owned enterprise, has further boosted production capacity for epidemic prevention and control materials against the novel coronavirus to help ease the pressure on frontline medical teams and enterprises to resume operations. The group donated over 680,228 liters of disinfectant, and medical protective clothing to Hubei province and other parts of China as of Thursday. Its international businesses, including Switzerland-based Syngenta Group and Israel-based Adama, purchased 180,000 facial masks and shipped them back to China. Its subsidiaries, including Shenyang Rubber Research and Design Institute Co and Guilin-based Shuguang Rubber Industry Research and Design Institute Co, designed and developed reusable medical protective clothing within a short period to respond the country's call to fight the outbreak earlier this month, according to a statement released by ChemChina. Hu Dongchen, chairman of China Haohua Chemical (Group) Corp, the parent company for the two rubber research institutes, said it is central SOEs' responsibility to respond to the country's needs. The company will deploy more resources and manpower to rely on the advantages of innovative technologies to overcome difficulties. In addition to accelerating manufacturing pace for medical protective clothing, other ChemChina business units making chlorine products and hydrogen peroxide have all raised their production capacity to manufacture industrial materials for epidemic prevention and control since the Spring Festival. Supported by 160,000 employees including 86,000 outside China, ChemChina operates six business sectors covering new chemical materials and specialty chemicals, agrochemicals, oil processing and refined products, tire and rubber products, chemical equipment, product research and development.
37533614	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/jiangsu/zhangjiagang/2020-02/14/content_37533614.htm	2020-02-14	Biotech company helps fight novel coronavirus	A disinfection machine produced by Suzhou Bioni Biotech Co in Zhangjiagang. The machine can be used in operating rooms, ambulances and wards. It kills all microorganisms within its range. [Photo/zjgtvnews] Suzhou Bioni Biotech Co in Zhangjiagang, East China’s Jiangsu province, is working to relieve the nationwide shortage of medical equipment due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus pneumonia. All production lines have been at full capacity since Jan 24, the Eve of the Chinese Luna New Year, local officials said. To date, the company has supplied more than 100 medical disinfection machines and 2,000 kilograms of hydrogen peroxide disinfectant to more than 80 institutions, including the Wuhan Institute of Virology of CAS, Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica of CAS, and Shanghai Municipal Center for Disease Control and Prevention. To cope with the shortage of raw materials and production plants, the local government has helped the company purchase materials from overseas and offered a space of about 200 square meters for production.
WS5e464e60a310128217277a13	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e464e60a310128217277a13.html	2020-02-14	Disinfection robots put to work fighting novel coronavirus	None
WS5e463f4fa3101282172779da	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e463f4fa3101282172779da.html	2020-02-14	28 novel coronavirus patients in Shanghai cured and discharged	People wearing masks are seen on a bridge in front of the financial district of Pudong, in Shanghai, China, as the country is hit by an outbreak of a noval coronavirus, February 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Twenty-eight people in Shanghai who were infected by the novel coronavirus pneumonia have been cured and were discharged from hospital on Friday, according to the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission. Six of these individuals have expressed a willingness to donate blood after learning from a report that the blood of recovered patients contains antibodies that can fight the pathogens, said Lu Hongzhou, Party chief of the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center where the patients were treated. The use of plasma is usually reserved for patients in severe conditions. The city's health authorities will also conduct visits to the discharged patients to check on their conditions. There were no new cases of infection reported in Shanghai during the first half of Friday. As of noon, Shanghai has a total of 318 confirmed cases, with the oldest patient being 88 years old and the youngest being seven months old.
WS5e4638ffa3101282172779c0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e4638ffa3101282172779c0.html	2020-02-14	Our role in the coronavirus outbreak	The Chinese embassy in Pakistan accepts the 7,000 surgical masks donated by the Hunza region in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan in Islamabad on Feb 5, 2020. [Photo provided to Chinaculture.org] China and Pakistan, known as "Iron Brothers", have a very special relationship. The two countries enjoy harmony and understanding on all issues, whether national, regional or international. They have stood with each other in all difficult moments. China has helped Pakistan greatly, whether during an earthquake in 2005 or a devastating flood in 2010. Pakistan also shown its generosity during the Wenchuan earthquake in 2008 in China. Currently, the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak is a major natural disaster in China, and Pakistan has not let China feel alone. The Pakistani government and well as the people of Pakistan have stood with China and demonstrated comprehensive solidarity. The senate of Pakistan passed a strong resolution in favor of China and reaffirmed its full support to China in this moment of difficulty. Pakistan has donated medical materials and dispatched medical teams to work with Chinese brothers and sisters hand in hand to overcome the epidemic. Pakistan is the first country to resume its flights with China just after the suspension of only three days. On the political front this sends a strong message that Pakistan stands with China under all circumstances. Although China and Pakistan are working under close coordination to control the spread of the coronavirus and keep monitoring the passengers for the incubation period, upon complete satisfaction and clearance, the passengers are allowed to travel. Airports in China and Pakistan are working in close liaison to monitor the passengers and screen them properly. But this gesture has signaled to the international community that they should not cut off ties with China or isolate China, but extend their all possible cooperation and join hands to fight against the coronavirus. There is a huge community of more than 30,0000 Pakistani students. Some of them are working with the Chinese as volunteers. In particular, one of the graduates from a Chinese institution, Doctor Usman, has traveled to Wuhan to serve with the Chinese medical teams. His sincerity and love for China are admired in both countries. In fact, he is a role model for many others to be followed. Pakistani nationals are safe in China and the Chinese government is looking after them in a very special manner. The government of Pakistan is thankful to the Chinese government for special treatment and protection provided to Pakistani nationals. Pakistan's government has decided not to evacuate its nationals from China, indicating full trust in the Chinese government's capabilities. Actually, the Chinese government is taking all possible measures to overcome the epidemic and we believe that China will overcome soon. Media has played a very constructive role at this crucial moment. In Pakistan, there is no panic and no Sinophobia, while in the Western world, there is panic and Sinophobia. The West has overreacted and shown bias against China. The Pakistani media has projected the real situation with a positive sense and educated the masses with preventive measures. There is no need to hate or discriminate. We believe that it is a natural disaster like any other earthquake, fire, volcano or flood. Such epidemic outbreaks have also been witnessed in recent history, such as Ebola, SARS and MERS. Previous epidemics have also claimed human lives and after some time were suppressed or eliminated. China is working hard to address all concerns regarding the coronavirus. China has been fully utilizing all resources -- human, financial or technical, and scientific -- to overcome it. Our role is to trust Chinese capabilities and their sincere efforts, and, if possible, extend a helping hand. Or at least, we should not criticize China, discriminate against Chinese or underestimate Chinese capabilities. We must avoid fake news and negative propaganda. If possible we should extend moral and political support, in addition to material support in the form of medical supplies, and medical staff and doctors. The developed nations may extend scientific assistance and help in developing a suitable vaccine. The outbreak of the coronavirus has been declared a global threat by the World Health Organization (WHO). The international community must join hands to fight against the coronavirus globally. Humanity is at stake. All human beings have a responsibility, and should share in their part of the contribution. Trust that our collective efforts will achieve our goals of saving humanity soon. The author is a Sinologist (ex-diplomat) and nonresident fellow of the Center for China and Globalization, National University of Sciences and Technology, Islamabad, Pakistan. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e46361ba3101282172779ba	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e46361ba3101282172779ba.html	2020-02-14	Coronavirus-infected woman gives birth to healthy baby	A novel coronavirus-infected woman in Chongqing delivered a healthy baby. The 25-year-old woman, who has tested positive for the contagion, gave birth to an infant female in Southwest China's Chongqing on Tuesday night. The woman, the first infected pregnant person in the municipality, was at her 35th week of gestation when she delivered her 2.65kilogram baby via cesarean section at Chongqing Three Gorges Central Hospital affiliated with Chongqing University. The baby girl, named An'an meaning safety in Chinese, has tested negative for the novel coronavirus two consecutive times. She is going to take the third and final test soon to confirm her condition, the hospital said on Friday. The woman and baby have been transferred to a critical emergency ward and a neonatal care unit, respectively, for follow-up care and treatment. The infant is under around the clock care at the hospital. Mother and daughter are currently in stable condition. The baby's father is also infected with the virusthough he is only showing mild symptoms and is now receiving treatment at the same hospital. Considering the contagion's impact on the woman, a group of medical experts from different hospital departments, including gynaecology and obstetrics, neonatology, anesthesia and infectious diseases, conducted a consultation on her condition and made specific plans for her and her baby's treatment and care. According to Xiang Shaojian, the chief surgeon performing the woman's cesarean section, the operating room was specially renovated for patients with the novel coronavirus pneumonia. "We did a lot of preparations to minimize the risk of cross-infection." "The time spent on the cesarean surgery was a little bit longer than expected because all the doctors and nurses were slower than normal due to their wearing protective suits, goggles and multi-layers of gloves," Xiang was quoted as saying by cqnews.net.
WS5e461610a31012821727798a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e461610a31012821727798a.html	2020-02-14	Swire Group donates HK$12m to help combat coronavirus	Pedestrians in Hong Kong don surgical masks to guard themselves against the novel coronavirus outbreak, on Jan 8, 2020. [Photo by Calvin Ng/China Daily] Swire Group – a property, food and beverage business conglomerate – has donated over HK$12 million (US$1.54) to help combat the novel coronavirus epidemic in Hong Kong. It made the donations through its philanthropic arm – the Swire Group Charitable Trust – to support three projects led by the St James' Settlement and the Hong Kong Council of Social Service (HKCSS). Swire Group has donated HK$5 million to SJS' FOOD-CO to provide food supplies to the underprivileged via its service partners. It plans to set up a HK$3 million community fund to sponsor non-profit organizations serving the underprivileged within HKCSS' network in to help fight the virus. Another donation of over HK$4.8 million was made to HKCSS for distributing hand sanitizers to the underprivileged through HKCSS and its member organizations' existing servicing channels. With a history of 150 years in Hong Kong, the Swire Group has experienced many challenges along with the Hong Kong community, Tina Chan, head of philanthropy at the Swire Group Charitable Trust, said in a statement. These donations will offer support to the most needy in Hong Kong in the battle against the virus. Hong Kong has confirmed 53 cases of the coronavirus infection with one death.
WS5e4612baa310128217277960	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e4612baa310128217277960.html	2020-02-14	63,851 coronavirus cases confirmed on Chinese mainland	The Chinese mainland has confirmed 63,851 infection cases of the novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Thursday, with 5,090 newly confirmed cases reported on the day, the National Health Commission said on Friday morning. On Thursday, 121 died of the coronavirus, bringing the death toll across the mainland to 1,380. Also, another 2,174 cases suffer with severe symptoms while 2,450 new suspected cases were reported. The commission said that 1,081 people were released from the hospital and 26,905 discharged from medical observation on Thursday. So far, there are 10,109 suspected cases across the mainland. The commission said that 493,067 people were traced who were in close contact with patients and 177,984 are under medical observation. According to the commission, 53 cases have been confirmed in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 10 in Macao and 18 in Taiwan so far.
WS5e4612b7a31012821727795b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e4612b7a31012821727795b.html	2020-02-14	Alibaba launches AI system for fever screening amid coronavirus outbreak	[Photo/China Daily] HANGZHOU - China's tech giant Alibaba on Wednesday launched an artificial intelligence (AI) system with functions such as identifying passersby with a fever or without masks, in a move to assist in the novel coronavirus control during the post-holiday travel peak. The AI system is based on integrated technologies including thermal imaging for non-contact remote fever detection, with a margin of error within 0.3 degrees Celsius. Once a passenger is suspected of having a fever, the system will automatically alert staff members and quickly locate the passenger, according to Yun Tao, an algorithm engineer of Alibaba. The AI system will be firstly deployed in some outlets of Hema Fresh, Alibaba's fresh food chain, and will be gradually applied in more public places including hospitals, railway stations and subways. China's tech boom has spurred a wave of technological innovations to aid the country's anti-virus battle, from rapid test kits for the novel coronavirus to new temperature detectors. Besides Alibaba, many other technology firms including Megvii and Baidu have also developed and put into use their AI fever screening systems.
WS5e4601eea31012821727785a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e4601eea31012821727785a.html	2020-02-14	UK authorities trace contacts of latest coronavirus case	CHINA DAILY The first case of coronavirus in London was confirmed on Wednesday and the number of people infected in Britain increased to nine. England's chief medical officer, Chris Whitty, said the patient, who is now being treated at a specialist center at Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital in London, caught the virus while in China. The woman developed symptoms soon after landing at Heathrow Airport, called medical services and later tested positive. Public health officials in the United Kingdom said they are now trying to hunt down anyone the infected person may have been in contact with. It is not yet known if she went to Wuhan or Hubei province, where the outbreak was first reported. Experts are now exploring how to limit a potential epidemic in the UK to avoid a crisis within the National Health Service. Whitty told BBC Radio 4's Today program that hopes remain that China "gets on top of the epidemic", but that delaying the onset of any full-blown outbreak of the virus in the UK would buy "more time". He said: "This depends on what happens in China, broadly this goes one of two ways. One is that China gets on top of the epidemic and there are spillover cases around the world but those are contained, and we will have more cases in the UK-that's highly likely-we may even get a little bit of onward transmission in the UK, and we'll be able to pick up with those, and then the epidemic goes away. That is possible." Whitty added: "If we are going to get an outbreak here in the UK-and this is an if not a when-then putting it back in time, into the summer period away from the winter pressures on the NHS, buying us a bit more time to understand the virus better, possibly having some seasonal advantage, is a big advantage." Whitty said containment and isolation remain the focus for medical teams-and that work was now under way to work out how to delay any potential outbreak in the UK. He said: "We basically have a strategy which depends upon four tactical aims: the first one is to contain; the second of these is to delay; the third of these is to do the science and the research; and the fourth is to mitigate so we can brace the NHS." Of the total nine cases diagnosed in the UK, the first two were Chinese nationals testing positive in York. Two diagnosed this week have been identified as general practitioner doctors in Brighton. Public Health England confirmed on Wednesday that it has traced and advised all close contacts of the two doctors, including about 12 patients. Paul Cosford, from Public Health England, told the BBC his teams were doing their best to contain the spread but given there were now a number of "countries of concern", new cases were likely to be brought in by people travelling from abroad. He said identifying people quickly, tracing close contacts at risk of infection and keeping them in isolation was the main aim.
WS5e46016da310128217277852	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e46016da310128217277852.html	2020-02-14	US reports 15th coronavirus case	A home is seen at Joint Base San Antonio - Lackland in San Antonio, Texas US November 16, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] US health officials reported a 15th confirmed case of coronavirus in the United States on Thursday. A patient who was among the Americans evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan - the epicenter of the outbreak - and placed under quarantine at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, became the latest US case, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said. The person was the third evacuee and first at Lackland to test positive for the virus, the CDC said. The US government has flown about 800 people from Hubei province, placing them under 14-day quarantine at US military bases. "The individual is currently isolated and receiving medical care at a designated hospital nearby," the CDC said, making Texas the seventh state with a reported case. Reuters  
WS5e45f5e1a3101282172777ba	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e45f5e1a3101282172777ba.html	2020-02-14	Hubei reports 4,823 new confirmed coronavirus cases	Pictures uploaded to social media on Jan 25, 2020 by the Central Hospital of Wuhan show medical staff attending to patients, in Wuhan, China. [Photo/Sina Weibo] Hubei province – the epicenter of novel coronavirus outbreak - added 4,823 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Thursday night, increasing the province’s number of confirmed cases to 51,986, the provincial health commission said on Friday morning. The death toll in the province rose by 116 at the same day, according to the commission. Among the newly confirmed cases, 3,095 were clinically diagnosed as having the novel coronavirus pneumonia. The commission said that as of Thursday, 690 people were released from the hospital while 36,719 are still in hospitalization - 7,593 of them with severe symptoms and 1,685 in critical condition. The province has 6,169 people with suspected infections of the coronavirus and 5,352 were sent to temporary hospitals for quarantine as of Thursday. So far, the province has traced 166,818 people who were in close contact with the patients and 77,685 of them are under medical observation.
WS5e45e6e7a310a2fabb7a22db	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e45e6e7a310a2fabb7a22db.html	2020-02-14	Institutional advantages facilitate Macao's quicker response to coronavirus	While Hong Kong is struggling to overcome the health emergency caused by the novel coronavirus, the Macao government is handling the epidemic with ease and grace - which has greatly impressed the people of Hong Kong. Some commentators have said that Macao has outperformed Hong Kong in combating the disease, citing the Hong Kong government's "relatively slow response" and "poor crisis management". But this is a simplistic comparison. To have a better understanding of why Macao and Hong Kong have handled the health emergency differently, we can look at the issue from three perspectives. First of all, political trust is a critical factor behind Macao's seemingly relatively prompt response to the virus outbreak. A public health hazard requires the chief executive to mobilize all the political and administrative resources to tackle. For instance, Ho lat-seng, the new chief executive of Macao, decisively announced that the city would temporarily shut down all casinos to control the spread of the virus. Just as Ho said, "For the health of Macao residents, this is a difficult but necessary decision." We all know that the gambling industry is the lifeblood of the city's economy, hence it is not a simple administrative decision but a bold move that needs support from the public. It is encouraging that even casino worker unions requested the government shut down gambling facilities. Although casino operators will face a revenue slump, they chose to cooperate with the government, making sacrifices for the greater good. The trust and support given to the Macao government by Macao society distinctly contrasts with the "mutual destruction" mentality embraced by radicals in Hong Kong since the violent campaign began in June. The spirit of "We are in the same boat" is more dominant in Macao - which provides a solid ground for combating the virus. Another perspective is the political and governing principle which the two special administrative regions are supposed to adhere to - the executive-led system. Under this principle, the power of the chief executive is much higher than that of the legislature and the judiciary, while the latter two exercise a certain degree of independence in performing the role of checks and balances. Although the exact term is not written in the Basic Law, the articles pertaining to the power of the chief executive endow him or her with the transcendent leadership role in the SAR. This role is extremely critical in effectively handling the current public health emergency. For instance, the face mask panic in Hong Kong will require the chief executive to exercise her full power to control the distribution of face masks to residents. This supreme power of the chief executive has somewhat been encroached in Hong Kong, sapping the government's ability to ration masks. Unlike in Hong Kong, the transcendent leadership role of the chief executive in Macao remains intact so the Macao SAR government can more readily reach a quick decision and solution. Each Macao resident is allowed to buy a maximum of 10 surgical masks every 10 days at designated pharmacies upon presenting their Macao identity card. In contrast, Hong Kong is restrained by a non-cooperative legislature and handicapped by social unrest. Thirdly, we should note how the "one country, two systems" framework has fared in the two SARs. We witnessed a faster and better coordinated response by the Macao SAR government, which implemented decisive measures to suspend visitors from the Chinese mainland and authorized the collection and use of big data in combatting the novel coronavirus. These actions could be taken more readily and easily in Macao simply because the "one country, two systems" political setup is functioning normally there. Macao has demonstrated how a well-functioning "one country, two systems" could help the city better handle a public health emergency. Standing from the perspective of "one country", Macao residents rationally approached the health challenge, and agreed to control the flow of personnel between Macao and the mainland without harboring any bias or discrimination against mainland residents. In contrast, the "one country" concept is so weak among some Hong Kong residents that politically biased individuals and groups were able to stoke anti-mainland sentiment in Hong Kong by exploiting the novel coronavirus outbreak. Consequently, by correctly interpreting the "two systems" from the "one country" perspective, Macao can rationally restrain cross-boundary personnel exchanges for the sole purpose of containing the spread of the virus. The old Chinese proverb "It takes more than one cold day for a river to freeze 3 feet deep" helps put this into perspective. Hong Kong people must recognize the risk of the city going astray in regard to the implementation of "one country, two systems" before it is too late. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.  
WS5e45dbf8a3101282172776f2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e45dbf8a3101282172776f2.html	2020-02-14	Novel coronavirus detected on banknotes?	[Photo/VCG] A rumor spread online said people should avoid using cash because the novel coronavirus had been detected on the surface of many banknotes. As a carrier, a banknote has a tiny possibility of being contaminated by the virus, and the probability for the virus' survival on a banknote also is low, said Zheng Xiaoyan, an epidemiologist at the Fuzhou Center for Disease Control and Prevention. "Thus there is a rather small possibility of virus transmission via a banknote," he said. So far, major infection sources are patients contracting novel coronavirus pneumonia, Zhang said. 
WS5e45db61a3101282172776e4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e45db61a3101282172776e4.html	2020-02-14	Novel coronavirus outbreak puts fresh spotlight on media's racism	While covering the World Health Organization news briefings in the past days, I was struck by how many times WHO officials have reminded people to refrain from using the novel coronavirus to stigmatize people. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO director-general, Michael Ryan, executive director of WHO's Health Emergencies Program and Sylvie Briand, director of WHO Global Infectious Hazard Preparedness have all expressed that message. The main content of their briefings, of course, is how to rally the world to fight the virus given the short window of opportunity that is available, an opportunity created by the serious measures China is taking in Wuhan and other cities, according to the WHO. When the WHO on Tuesday named the disease caused by the novel coronavirus as COVID-19, it stated that it wanted to find a name that did not refer to a geographical location, an individual or group of people. The WHO chief stressed that having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing. He was clearly referring to racially charged terms used by some news outlets and politicians. For example, a Feb 3 Wall Street Journal column titled "China Is the Real Sick Man of Asia" by Walter Russell Mead, a senior fellow at the conservative Hudson Institute, displayed a total lack of sensitivity and journalistic ethics, especially at a time when people across China were combating the novel coronavirus. When reporting the controversy, some Western media, such as the Euronews, still don't get why such a headline would constitute an insult to all Chinese since they never knew how that term has been used by Western imperialists, including Japanese invaders during WWII, to humiliate the Chinese. Using that kind of racial slur is as offensive to Chinese as using N-word for African-Americans, which the newspaper would not use. It is truly despicable for a respected newspaper like the Wall Street Journal. The same is true when French newspaper Le Courrier Picard and its online edition ran respective headlines titled "Yellow Alert" and "New Yellow Peril?", triggering an immediate outcry from the Asian community in France. A racist color-metaphor to describe East Asians by Western colonial powers, such a headline should be condemned by every reader with a conscience and every journalist with professional ethical standards. However, the two papers are quite different. Le Courrier Picard has since apologized while the Wall Street Journal has not. As journalists, we all know what words to avoid when it comes to people of disability, and people who are lesbian, gay and transgender and various ethnic groups. It is not about restricting freedom of press but rather upholding ethical journalism and a basic human conscience. Germany, for example, places strict limits on speech and expression when it comes to neo-Nazis. It is illegal to produce, distribute or display symbols of the Nazi era－swastikas, the Hitler salute. Holocaust denial is also illegal in Germany. However, when Jyllands-Posten, a Danish daily paper, printed a cartoon of the Chinese national flag with virus-like symbols in place of the five stars, it infuriated the Chinese who regard blasphemy of their national flag as an insult to all Chinese. While the newspaper editor refused to apologize, what makes things worse was Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen who jumped out to eagerly defend the paper's freedom of speech instead of denouncing its insult. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus is unfortunate and a "common enemy" for the world to fight as the WHO has urged. But it also exposes how racism is still a serious disease that plagues human society in the 21st century. The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.
WS5e45d793a3101282172776b3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/14/WS5e45d793a3101282172776b3.html	2020-02-14	China-US relations during coronavirus outbreak	The national flags of China and the United States [Photo/Xinhua] Editor's Note: The outbreak of the novel coronavirus has prompted some to claim that it will accelerate the "decoupling" of China and the United States. Two experts shared their views on the epidemic's impact on bilateral ties with China Daily's Pan Yixuan. Excerpts follow: China and the US not able to decouple The novel coronavirus outbreak has restricted the movement of people and created a temporary shortage of production capacity that may lead to the outflow of manufacturing chains from China. But with tens of billions of yuan spent on medical facilities and supplies, resolute measures such as quarantining cities, nationwide mobilization and international cooperation, China is gradually bringing the epidemic under control, which will promote the resumption of stalled production chains. The electronic manufacturing giant Foxconn, which is one of Apple's suppliers, has built production lines for protective face masks that China is in short supply of due to the epidemic. If it has adequate production, the company can even supply such masks beyond its own needs. Worries about the epidemic should not be exaggerated. The foundation of the Sino-US relationship that is based on close economic ties cannot be easily shifted. China has halved tariffs on $75 billion US products as a reciprocal measure to the cut in US tariffs on Chinese goods scheduled to come into effect on Feb 14. On Feb 7, the Chinese and US presidents talked over the phone about the implementation of the "phase one" agreement signed on Jan 15, with the US leader expressing his confidence in China's ability to win the battle against the virus. Instead of decoupling, the series of talks have put Sino-US trade and economic relations back on track. It is true that there is the potential for technology decoupling, as their competition in 5G and artificial intelligence is heating up, but international cooperation on global health security challenges because of the coronavirus have reinforced their common interests in the application and development of technology. There is no need to exaggerate worries about Sino-US relations during the epidemic. Li Zheng, an assistant research fellow at the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations Just a short-term 'decoupling' Due to the novel coronavirus outbreak, the US has introduced entry restrictions on foreigners who have been to China within the past 14 days and quarantined US citizens and permanent residents returning from China. Such restrictions constitute a kind of quarantining of China that could result in a short-term decoupling of China-US relations. During the period of economic stagnation in China brought about by the epidemic, companies will seek replaceable market and manufacturing places outside China. But leaving China's huge market and trained labor force will cost a lot and may be a bad idea if the epidemic ends in a few months. Meanwhile, for similar reasons, there might not be an acceleration in the return of jobs to the US during the outbreak as US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross claimed that there would be. As long as the epidemic can be controlled, the US will gradually ease the limits. The US has made entry limits so strict that China-US and the world's trade and economic ties will suffer uncalled-for restrictions. It's not important to debate whether Washington has overreacted to the epidemic and acted beyond the suggestions of the World Health Organization. It's more essential that Beijing and Washington should negotiate to reach a reasonable agreement and strengthen cooperation to fight the epidemic. Although the "China threat" theory remains in the US given the recent remarks by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, the epidemic should not be an excuse to justify the "permanent decoupling" of China and the US. The duration of the coronavirus epidemic plays an important role in the newly signed Phase-one Sino-US trade deal. The longer the epidemic lasts, the more the implementation be impacted and so delay its realization. Luckily the recent talks between Chinese and US presidents showed confidence in the further development of bilateral relations. Chen Qi, professor of international studies at Tsinghua University The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.  
WS5e4558e1a310128217277652	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e4558e1a310128217277652.html	2020-02-13	Crack team of ICU nurses tackle novel coronavirus outbreak head-on	Fu Yingjie works in the negative-pressure wards. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] As the most experienced intensive care team, the ICU nurses of Loudi Central Hospital in Central China's Hunan province have always become the best candidates for the most dangerous tasks. No matter in the face of child patients infected with severe hand, foot and mouth disease, severe H7N9 patients, or novel coronavirus pneumonia patients, they always fight on the front line. When Fu Yingjie received the call from Xie Yu, director of the ICU on Jan 29, knowing that she might need to support the infection department, she realized there must be patients in quite serious condition. She immediately arrived at the negative-pressure wards where air goes in but not out to prevent cross infection and the possibility of spreading the virus. "I had been prepared for a tough battle," the 38-year-old nurse said. "However, when I actually saw the patient, I felt a little nervous and worried." Thanks to tacit cooperation, Fu and her colleagues gave the patient good medical care in spite of some emergency circumstances. Thirty-eight procedures and disinfecting hands 14 times are absolutely strictly adhered to fora medical worker to put on and take off a protective suit. Nurse Liu Dong can finish the whole procedure, which initially took him half an hour, within 15 minutes, after only three days' practice. Liu Dong is covered in sweat after spending hours in the protective suit. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Liu joined the team immediately when the hospital received the first severe NCP patient. "As a male nurse, I am stronger than others, so I should step forward," he said. "We will do our utmost to help the patients in need." Once he puts on disposable protective clothing, he will try his best to work for six to even 10 hours. He drinks little water to avoid visiting the bathroom and every time he takes off the protective suit, he is sweating all over. When nurse Li Jian first met the severe patient on Jan 29, she was a little worried. "I was not afraid of being infected, but of not having enough experience to deal with what could happen in the coming hours," she said. "The patient's serious physical situation presented a great challenge in the following nursing work." Because of the critical condition, the patient had more secretions, including sputum and feces. For an entire night, Li dealt with sputum suction nine times and feces five times. "In spite of the serious situation, the patient was conscious," she said. "Therefore, I told him to believe everything will be better and not to be nervous when I dealt with his sputum." "In my spare time after work, I always read messages in the WeChat group where experts and experienced doctors discuss the patients'illness. It greatly helped me extend my mind in clinic work and I learned lots of new knowledge," Li said. Zhou Mojun contributed to the story. Li Jian (left) poses for a photo with her colleagues. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e453ed8a31012821727762a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e453ed8a31012821727762a.html	2020-02-13	1st mainland child diagnosed with critical novel coronavirus recovers	The first child diagnosed with critical novel coronavirus pneumonia on the Chinese mainland has recovered and was discharged from a hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 13, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The first child diagnosed with critical novel coronavirus pneumonia on the Chinese mainland has recovered and was discharged from a hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Thursday. The 1-year-old boy, who goes by the name Niuniu , suffered from occasional diarrhea and vomiting, as well as fever and was sent to the hospital on Jan 26. The initial screening found the boy weak and having a poor appetite, less urine and shortness of breath. Later he was transferred to Wuhan Children's Hospital's intensive care unit. The first child diagnosed with critical novel coronavirus pneumonia on the Chinese mainland has recovered and was discharged from a hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 13, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] His oxygen saturation – the amount of oxygen in the blood to ensure smooth breathing - was only 80 percent (the healthy range is 95 percent to 100 percent) when he was admitted to the ICU and could not be raised to a standard figure with the help of intubation and medical ventilator. The computed tomography scan showed that both of the boy's lungs have been infected with suspected novel coronavirus and he also suffered renal malfunctions. Zhang Furong, chief physician at Wuhan Children's Hospital's Intensive Care Department, said the boy's nucleic acid test – a method to detect novel coronavirus - showed a positive result. The boy, suffering from shock, acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute renal failure, as well as the outcomes of medical imaging, also helped confirm that he became the first child on the Chinese mainland diagnosed with critical novel coronavirus pneumonia. The first child diagnosed with critical novel coronavirus pneumonia on the Chinese mainland has recovered and was discharged from a hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 13, 2020. Here the child is see with medical workers. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The medical team in the ICU treated Niuniu carefully with methods such as continuous blood purification and tried to stabilize his condition by using medications that help improve immunity and nutritional levels. After the treatment, the boy's condition gradually improved and he was successfully taken off the medical ventilator and intubation on Feb 6. His vital signs have stabilized and after two more negative nucleic acid test results, the medical staff determined that he could leave the hospital. The first child diagnosed with critical novel coronavirus pneumonia on the Chinese mainland has recovered and was discharged from ahospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 13, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Zhang said novel coronavirus pneumonia is mainly manifested by fever and cough, but Niuniu started with showing digestive symptoms at the beginning, adding that medical staff also need to pay attention to those patients without obvious respiratory symptoms. Niuniu's parents have not shown typical symptoms of novel coronavirus so far, but they haven't gone through nucleic acid tests so their possibility of having asymptomatic infections cannot be ruled out, Zhang added.
WS5e45222ca310128217277606	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e45222ca310128217277606.html	2020-02-13	Malaria drug identified as potential treatment for novel coronavirus	Anopheles mosquitoes are seen in a net placed in a rice field during a test in the use of drone technology in the fight against malaria near Zanzibar City, on the island of Zanzibar, Tanzania, Oct 30, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] Hydroxychloroquine, a medication that treats certain types of malaria and rheumatoid arthritis, is being tested in a clinical trial to determine its effectiveness in treating novel coronavirus pneumonia, said Chen Kaixian, an academician with the Chinese Academy of Sciences, in Shanghai on Thursday. "Chloroquine has good antiviral capabilities against the novel coronavirus as evaluated in vitro. It has been approved for clinical trial by the Ministry of Science and Technology and National Health Commission," said Chen at the daily press conference. "The Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica and Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co have recently launched a joint clinical trial of hydroxychloroquine in Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center." Developed during World War II, hydroxychloroquine is similar to chloroquine and is sold under brand names such as Plaquenil. Apart from malaria, the drug is also used to treat rheumatoid arthritis and lupus. According to Chen, the Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica, a branch of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, has identified 30 potential compounds from a pool of 40,000 that could potentially be used against the novel coronavirus.
WS5e451798a3101282172775ea	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e451798a3101282172775ea.html	2020-02-13	Standing firm with China in fight against coronavirus	[Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] My name is Haroon Ali from Pakistan. I work in Ji'nan at the Shandong Institute of Commerce and Technology as a foreign teacher and director of international students. One month ago, everything was normal. People were preparing for Chinese New Year, and I was making plans to attend my brother’s marriage ceremony in Pakistan on Jan 31. But I got news of a virus spreading around Wuhan city and many people getting infected. I received notice from my institute giving strict instruction to all international students. At this critical situation I made the hard decision not to attend my brother’s wedding and stay here in China to help my students. Here are my own experiences and observations during this epidemic. I live in Jinan, which is almost 800 kilometers from Wuhan. The situation is not as serious here as Wuhan, but for public safety most supermarkets, malls, cinemas, car workshops, public offices and schools are closed. Public transport is still running but almost without passengers, and few private cars can be seen on roads. As everyone has to stay at home, the main issue is availability of food and medical facilities. The local government has made a system to provide access to all kinds of necessities. People can buy things online and have them delivered in a few hours. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] I would like to appreciate China’s government, which is doing its best to fight in a critical epidemic situation. I also appreciate my institute as well, which is working hard day and night for international students. Food is being provided inside dormitories and physical check-ups are being done continuously on all students. All teachers frequently connect with students who returned home or elsewhere. International students living in dormitories cannot go out at the moment, so I am helping them buy all kinds of food items and other daily necessities from the supermarket. I explain different safety precautions to them for virus prevention and protection. In order to refresh their minds, I teach them Chinese and their major courses as well. Most students’ parents are worried about their kids. I often talk with them through WeChat to tell them about the current situation and remind them to be strong and stand with China, their children’s second homeland, which is giving them advanced learning opportunities. We all know this is a crisis, but we are keeping our eyes on China and hoping for a fast recovery. I have been living in China for the past four years. I deeply know local government and their abilities. I believe everything will be normal in the next few weeks. We all know everyone is making an effort in their own way. All the international community, especially Pakistanis, stand with China and will support the Chinese government and their remarkable efforts during this epidemic. Haroon Ali works at the Shandong Institute of Commerce and Technology as a foreign teacher and director of international students. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e451795a3101282172775e5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e451795a3101282172775e5.html	2020-02-13	Amid coronavirus scare, a call for empathy from all sides	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, January 24, 2020 /Xinhua Photo Imagine yourself in their shoes. Imagine if you were a Chinese, living in China today, amid an epidemic whose death-toll has already surpassed that of SARS – and the number of reported infections is already five times as large. Imagine how you'd worry about the health of your young child or elderly parent – the latter of which are the prime victims of this respiratory illness. Imagine how neurotic, if not paranoid, you might become about touching door handles or elevator buttons or communal keyboards. Sure, wash your hands regularly and vigorously. But still. Imagine how you might wonder if the person standing beside you could be a human incubator, even if outwardly asymptomatic. Or how your head might swivel if you hear a cough in your vicinity. Imagine the trauma for the tens of thousands of Chinese already infected – plus the many thousands only suspected to be infected, but not yet confirmed. How they might dread that they'll die from this. And not just their individual trauma, but of their worried family and friends. Imagine how you would demand that your government do something to protect you and your family. Now. Imagine if you were even in the shoes of a government leader: How would you respond? Then imagine if you were Chinese, and you sense a global reaction that isn't an outpouring of sympathy and support, but an eruption of anti-Chinese racism and xenophobia. One that re-ignites the worst stereotypes about your people, which you hoped existed on the fringes, not in the mainstream. Imagine if the world stitched a virtual scarlet-letter above your breast – whether you were just a visitor, or already living within their society – and branded you a menace to their health and family. Sounds like tough times for the Chinese, no? But this isn't an essay on Chinese victimhood. Because, as an American who's lived in Beijing since 2015 – and is now enduring the same anxieties of self-quarantine with some 1.4 billion Chinese – I hope my Chinese friends will also demonstrate a bit more understanding of how the world is reacting to this epidemic. After all, empathy cuts both ways. If we want compassion for our plight, we should show compassion for what the other side is going through, too. Right? So, my Chinese friends, let's imagine ourselves in the shoes of the international community. Imagine if you were a foreigner, who's learning about this rapidly spreading virus, with mixed reports about its exact origins, about how serious the threat is, and how to protect yourself. And that you have an elderly parent or young child, whose health is among your greatest priorities. Imagine you hear there's no cure yet for this virus, but that it's already much worse than SARS in 2003. Then, imagine you hear that both SARS and this Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia began in China. Imagine your government and media have consistently, over the years, given you reason to fear China and its rise. Yet you've never been to China, don't know anyone who's lived there, or have any Chinese friends or colleagues who can "humanize" the Chinese – and explain a bit about their society. Now imagine the daily drumbeat of news about this terrifying new epidemic, with nightmarish stories of quarantined cruise-ships, or how a single person can infect a group of others, like dominoes. Yes, anti-China racism and xenophobia are real phenomena. They pre-existed this crisis, and the epidemic has now exacerbated both. But I've lived on four continents over the past 25 years. That's why I can state with confidence: It can't be that every incident we're now hearing about from around the world is being perpetrated by an actual "racist" or "xenophobe." Some, surely. But not all. I understand the deep offense caused by such actions, but these are strong terms. And I sense some on this side are lobbing these accusations a little too loosely, especially if we ignore, without empathy, what are probably the two main root-causes of many incidents: fear and ignorance. For example, I was struck by February 1st Twitter tweet, posted by an Italian economics professor: Screenshot of the tweet. On a train in Italy. A teenage Chinese boy boards the train. A woman comments loudly: "There you go, we are all going to be infected." He replies in perfect Italian with a Roman inflection: "Ma'am, in my whole life, I've seen China only on Google maps." Applause. As of 10 days later, this tweet had collected 187,700 likes and 34,000 retweets. But two things about it: Is this evidence that proves this woman is a textbook racist and xenophobe? Maybe. Or was her cruel, stupid remark borne of fear and ignorance? Could be this could be that. Or, a combination. What also caught my eye was the last word: Applause. Meaning, fellow passengers – whether they were Italians or immigrants, whether they were "pure" Italians or hyphenated Italians – supported the boy and his clever retort. So the majority supported the minority, against the offender? That's cause for optimism. And at this crucial time, we in the media should do more to find and spotlight those abroad who oppose, even resist, racism, and xenophobia. They may be the silent majority – but the key to cross-cultural bridge-building. Moreover, for my Chinese friends, we should be cautious about not feeding the-world-is-against-us narrative; I question whether it's accurate, let alone healthy. So, empathy can help explain the grassroots reaction. Then there's the governmental response. Let's also imagine many millions of people across the West, and around the world, who are not only fearful and ignorant of the true risks posed by this new virus but how they would demand that their governments also do something to protect them. Again, with empathy, imagine if you were a top official there: What would you do? The reality is, these foreign authorities probably face a similar dilemma that the Chinese authorities here faced – or that any leadership would face anywhere when confronted with the potential for a looming disaster, whether natural or man-made. When do you sound the alarm? If you ring it too soon, you may cause needless panic. But if you wait longer – either to confirm the threat or to see if you can handle it more low-key – well, you may have waited a little too long. From China, we can deem some of these steps, "over-reactions." Sure. But with a bit of empathy, we can also comprehend why at this particular time, many leaders would be willing to disregard nuance or subtly, and to err on the side of caution. As the saying goes, "Better safe than sorry." Still not convinced? Here's one last if-you-were-in-their shoes scenario: Imagine how China itself might react if a lethal virus were emanating from America, or Europe, or Africa, or Southeast Asia. What actions would ordinary Chinese demand? Cancel flights? Shut borders? Target certain foreigners? Through greater empathy from both sides, we can strengthen cross-cultural understanding.
WS5e451791a3101282172775e1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e451791a3101282172775e1.html	2020-02-13	Facts and fallacies surrounding coronavirus	The construction site of Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, February 4, 2020. /Xinhua Photo I was in Beijing when the outbreak of a novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) caught the attention of the whole country. The early outbreak response on the part of the Chinese government is highly commendable because it has helped severely restrict the diffusion of the virus to the rest of the world. However, the push to pen this piece was the torment and flippant response of some of the Western media who went so far as to seize on this human calamity as something to exploit, politicize and weaponize in order to blame, defame and diminish China. Making a mockery of and joking about a natural calamity by publishing such disparaging material is indeed thoroughly hapless, irresponsible and unfeeling and should be condemned by all decent people. Unfortunately, in this wild goose chase to deprecate China at this testing time in its recent history, some of the anti-Chinese Western media have crossed the limits of human norms and decency in ways never witnessed by the human society even in the times of the worst enmity between nations. Moreover, the facts of the epidemic are distorted and the whole matter is blown out of proportion to create an aura of a massive panic, uncertainty, fear and furor among the global populace. First of all, as per known history of human civilizations, epidemics have taken millions of lives and even now can bring havoc at anytime anywhere in the world. In fact, earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, landslides, hurricanes, floods, wildfires, heat waves, melting of icebergs and global warming are collective challenges to the whole of humanity. Epidemics and natural disasters have no boundaries and they do not announce their arrival and the wreckage they cause. Now, it is absolutely absurd and ridiculously inhumane that, in a calamity of such a big scale when people are dying and huge sacrifices are being made, the German magazine Der Spiegel, on the cover page reads: Corona-Virus, Made in China and the Wall Street Journal published an opinion entitled, "China Is The Real Sick Man of Asia." Moreover, under the cloak of freedom of speech, Danish cartoons ridiculed China by replacing the stars on the Chinese national flag with images of coronavirus, and France carried a publication titled "Yellow Alert" showing a woman in a mask. Is it the role of the media of these so-called civilized, democratic and liberal nations to exude this kind of racism, disparagement and hatred against humanity? Is this what freedom of speech, democracy and liberalism really mean? The construction site of Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, February 4, 2020. /Xinhua Photo At the same time racist comments expressing disgust, discrimination and denigration are hurled on social media against a nation which is working 24/7 with undying determination to get rid of this epidemic. Chinese people are mocked on social media for their eating habits, like eating bats (using photographs not taken in China but on a Pacific island) and monkeys, etc. All these punitive practices carried against China at the time of tragedy are clear indications of calculated misrepresentation designed to malign China by publishing fiction rather than facts in all sources of the media. Also, a lot of assumptions are made and speculations are drawn about the economic slowdown of China, forgetting the fact that China has the tendency and track record to bounce back stronger. An article published on February 9, 2020, "China Will Win, and Soon," written by China's Ambassador to Pakistan Yao Jing, revealed some interesting facts. "Currently, the number of cured cases has started to exceed the number of deaths with each day that passes. "There are only around 170 cases of infections worldwide, less than 1 percent of the cases in China. The case-fatality rate of NCP is 2 percent, much lower than previous epidemics. In 2009, the H1N1 outbreak in the U.S. spread to 214 countries and regions, with a 17.4-percent case-fatality rate. In 2012, the case-fatality rate of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) was 34.4 percent. And the case-fatality rate of the Ebola epidemic was 40.4 percent." I wonder how the facts are twisted and presented differently. For instance, a declared global pandemic, H1N1 (swine flu), which emerged in the U.S. in 2009, eventually infected 60 million and initially killed a minimum of 18,449 people in that year. According to a 2012 report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the final death toll was close to 300,000. During that deadly outbreak, we don't recall any xenophobic anti-American attacks across the globe. Why then are there such attacks against China now? Do you know it took six months for the U.S. to declare a national emergency? Did any government from the onset in April 2009 through the end in April 2010, including the month of June, when H1N1 was declared an international emergency global pandemic, then send out a notice to its citizens that they should leave the United States? Did they close their borders to American travelers? Why is the response so different compared to previous pandemics and why are Chinese facing xenophobic attacks? As we all know, China has a long history of combating mountainous challenges and has always been able to turn tragedies into opportunities. The experience of tackling SARS effectively back in 2003 is still relevant and handy. The dark days will be over soon, and the bright days are just around the corner. At present, the world must unite in the struggle to combat this virus and must give credit to the people from all walks of life who are on the front lines of this struggle, which is being waged not just for China but in the name of common humanity and to protect people throughout the world.
WS5e451450a3101282172775d0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e451450a3101282172775d0.html	2020-02-13	Addition of clinically diagnosed cases sees big jump in novel coronavirus numbers	Medical team members prepare to leave for Xianning city of Hubei province at Changshui International Airport in Kunming, capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, Feb 12, 2020. A medical team comprised of some 350 medical members left for Xianning city of Hubei province on Wednesday. It's the third medical team sent from Yunnan to aid the novel coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] The Chinese mainland confirmed 15,152 new cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia on Wednesday, including 13,332 clinically diagnosed cases in Hubei province, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 59,804, the National Health Commission said on Thursday. By the end of Wednesday, 254 new deaths had been reported, taking the death toll on the Chinese mainland to 1,367 -- with 1,310 of them in Hubei, where the outbreak started, data released by the commission showed. There were 2,807 new suspected cases reported on Wednesday, taking the number of suspected cases on the Chinese mainland to 13,435. On Wednesday, 1,171 people who had recovered were discharged from hospital and 29,429 people were released from medical observation. By the end of Wednesday, there were 52,526 patients with confirmed infections in hospital -- 8,030 of whom had severe symptoms -- while 5,911 people had recovered and been discharged from hospital, the commission said. A total of 471,531 people who had close contact with infected people have been traced on the Chinese mainland, with 181,386 of them still under medical observation. Hubei reported 14,840 new confirmed cases on Wednesday, including 13,436 from Wuhan, the provincial capital. On Wednesday, the province started including the number of clinically diagnosed cases in the total number of new confirmed cases, which added 13,332 cases to the provincial total. Previously only patients who had tested positive for the virus were regarded as confirmed patients in Hubei. Hong Kong has reported 50 cases, Macao 10 and Taiwan 18.
WS5e547d6ea31012821727a0db	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e547d6ea31012821727a0db.html	2020-02-13	Brooklyn Nets share special message of strength with China to battle coronavirus	  Brooklyn Nets center DeAndre Jordan (6) shoots against Toronto Raptors forward Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (4) during the second half at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York, US, Feb 12, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] NEW YORK - During the Brooklyn Nets vs. Toronto Raptors game at Barclays Center in New York on Wednesday evening, the Nets shared its words of encouragement to China in the battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak. At halftime, a video was displayed on the arena's center hung scoreboard with a message from Nets guard Spencer Dinwiddie that said, "I want to take the time to talk to everybody in China who is fighting the coronavirus outbreak. We send our sympathy. We want you to overcome it, and send our prayers." "We know that with your fighting spirit, that virus has no chance," said Dinwiddie. Following the video, a message from the Nets read, "We Stand Together With You" in English and Chinese. Two weeks ago, the Nets also hosted a Chinese Culture Night during Spring Festival to celebrate the Lunar New Year.
WS5e450bbea3101282172775b0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e450bbea3101282172775b0.html	2020-02-13	Foreign firms lend helping hand to China for coronavirus fight	[Photo/China Daily] BEIJING - Foreign firms across diverse industries have lent their support to China's fight against the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak through donations and fee reductions. Global mining giants BHP and Rio Tinto donated 10 million yuan ($1.4 million) and $1 million, respectively, to the Chinese Red Cross Foundation to aid medical workers and purchase supplies, according to the companies' websites. BHP CEO Mike Henry expressed the company's wish to stand by the Chinese people to fight the outbreak in a note on the company's WeChat page. Foreign firms including the Singapore-listed property developer CapitaLand and Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis donated medical supplies like masks, goggles and protective suits to Chinese hospitals. Vas Narasimhan, CEO of Novartis and an expert on public health, has also expressed deep concern over the epidemic while speaking highly of the control and prevention measures put in place by the Chinese government. On top of donations, CapitaLand said it will waive rent and management fees for all of its malls in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak from Jan 25 to Feb 13, and will halve those charges for malls outside Wuhan from Jan 25 to Feb 9. BHP said in an update on its WeChat page that the company has a lot of faith in China in the long run. Over 200 foreign companies in China had donated cash and materials worth over 1.3 billion yuan by Monday for the epidemic control efforts in China, according to the China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment. Chinese authorities have also urged local officials to help foreign-funded companies with work resumption and operation amid the anti-epidemic fight including through supporting large foreign investment projects and facilitating the introduction of foreign investment and capital.
WS5e4502aca310128217277597	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e4502aca310128217277597.html	2020-02-13	Coronavirus medical waste is disposed of day it is generated	Special trash cans to collect the used facial masks and other household medial equipment have been set up in a residential community in Xigu District of Lanzhou city, Gansu. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The Chinese mainland has managed to dispose of all medical waste in the battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak on the day it is generated, according to the country's top environmental apparatus. Central China's Hubei province, the center of the outbreak, and its capital Wuhan, the hardest-hit city, have both seen their disposal capacity more than doubled from what it was before the onset of the outbreak, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment said in a media release on Thursday. The daily capacity for medical waste disposal on Tuesday on the mainland stood at 5,435 metric tons, 532 tons more than that before the onset of the virus outbreak, the ministry said. It also said a total of 2,661 tons of medical waste, including 489 tons related to virus control, were produced on the day. All but 20 tons of the waste was disposed of on the same day, meaning only less than half of the total disposal capacity was put into operation. It didn't clarify if the 20 tons that were not disposed of are novel coronavirus-related, but said generally medical waste could be disposed of on the same day it is generated, especially virus-related waste. About 67 percent of medical waste, or 125 tons, collected in Hubei province on Tuesday is novel coronavirus-related. All the medical waste and another 9 tons in the stockpile were disposed of on the same day, using 62 percent of its capacity of 317.5 tons a day, it said. The ministry said the province's daily disposal capacity has been further enhanced since then and increased to the current 373.3 tons, 193.3 tons more than that before the epidemic broke out, it said. "All medical waste in Wuhan city is disposed of as novel coronavirus-related," it said. A total of 1,123.8 tons of medical waste were generated in the city, which is Hubei's capital and the hardest-hit city in the outbreak, from Jan 20 to Tuesday. All the waste was disposed of as of Tuesday with no stockpile left, it said. On Tuesday, the city was able to dispose of the 47 tons of medical waste generated that day and 10 tons in the stockpile, with only 57 percent of its capacity, it said. The city, the epicenter of the outbreak, has seen its disposal capacity more than doubled from the onset of the outbreak, with an increase of 50.5 tons from the previous 50 tons, according to the release. It said 23 sets of new mobile disposal facilities have been sent to Wuhan, Xiaogan and Huanggang in the province as of Tuesday, increasing its daily disposal capacity by 56 tons. Another 10 sets, which boast of a daily capacity of 24 tons, will be dispatched to Wuhan soon, it added.
WS5e44a83fa310128217277327	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44a83fa310128217277327.html	2020-02-13	Japan to let elderly leave cruise liner hit by coronavirus as 44 new cases confirmed	The cruise ship Diamond Princess, where dozens of passengers were tested positive for coronavirus, is seen through steel fence at Daikoku Pier Cruise Terminal in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, Japan, February 11, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Japan will allow some elderly passengers on a quarantined cruise liner who test negative for the new coronavirus to disembark ahead of schedule, the health minister said on Thursday, as another 44 new cases were confirmed aboard the Diamond Princess. Health Minister Katsunobu Kato said elderly passengers who have pre-existing conditions or are in windowless rooms would be allowed to leave starting from Friday, rather than the originally targeted date of Feb 19, and complete their quarantine ashore. With the number of those infected on the cruise ship now up to 218 plus one quarantine officer, concerns have been raised about conditions on the ship, where about 3,500 people remain on board. The liner was quarantined on arrival in Yokohama, near Tokyo, on Feb 3 after a man who disembarked from the liner in Hong Kong before it travelled to Japan was diagnosed with the virus. About 80 percent of the ship passengers were aged 60 or over, with 215 in their 80s and 11 in their 90s, according to Japanese media. The ship typically has a crew of 1,100 and a passenger capacity of 2,670. "We will make every effort to ensure the safety and peace of mind of the people," Kato told a televised news conference, without confirming the number of passengers who may leave ahead of schedule. The minister said those who fit the criteria and wished to disembark would be housed in unspecified facilities provided by the Japanese government. Those who had been in close contact with persons who tested positive would not be allowed to leave the ship, he said. The British-flagged Diamond Princess is managed by Princess Cruise Lines, one of the world's largest cruise lines and a unit of Carnival Corp. Kyodo news agency said the additional 44 cases included 43 passengers and one crew member, with the total number of confirmed cases in Japan rising to 247, including those infected on the Diamond Princess. Reuters
WS5e44f718a310128217277558	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44f718a310128217277558.html	2020-02-13	Family makes massive donation for fight against coronavirus	A mother and her son in Yixing, East China's Jiangsu province, donated 10 million yuan ($1.43 million) to a local charity organization to help the city curb the coronavirus outbreak. The mother, who declined to be identified, said that she has had a successful career due to the country's opening-up policy and wants to contribute to the fight against coronavirus. Locals in Yixing, a county-level city of Wuxi, identified her as the executive of a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange that makes composite material for household appliances. Yixing Charity Society, the organization that received the donation, said that it has received donations totaling 34 million yuan with no specific time period given.
WS5e44ed61a31012821727752a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44ed61a31012821727752a.html	2020-02-13	Beijing's culture, tourism sectors in join fight against coronavirus	In a bid to reduce the risk of cross-infection caused by gatherings, over 370 cultural venues and libraries, more than 6,400 community cultural centers, as well as 183 museums across the capital were closed.[Photo/Xinhua] Beijing's culture and tourism sectors have introduced various measures, including online services, to fight against the novel coronavirus outbreak, the municipal culture and tourism administration said. In a bid to reduce the risk of cross-infection caused by gatherings, Beijing has canceled more than 4,300 New Year-related cultural activities, nearly 5,400 commercial performances and 10 large sports events. Over 370 cultural venues and libraries, more than 6,400 community cultural centers, as well as 183 museums across the capital were closed. The suspensions have also extended to the capital's entertainment venues, Internet cafes, cinemas and tourist attractions. To meet the needs of citizens at home due to the lack of cultural activities and services, Beijing's opera theaters, symphony orchestras, acrobatic troupes and other cultural units have uploaded abundant performance videos online, while libraries and cultural organizations have also offered plenty of online services for the public. Beijing's travel agencies have called off group tours and "flight plus hotel" products since Jan 24. A total of 13,525 groups, involving 242,000 tourists, have canceled their journeys.
WS5e44e4f8a310128217277504	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44e4f8a310128217277504.html	2020-02-13	World winter sports family shows support for Team China amid coronavirus outbreak	  Participants ski during a Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games themed event at a ski resort in Zhangye, Gansu province, China, Dec 23, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] BEIJING - Seven international winter sports associations expressed support and understanding for Team China in the fight against the novel coronavirus epidemic and said they would stick together for the Beijing as ever. China's Winter Sport Management Center sent letters to the international winter sports associations regarding the national teams' prevention and control measures for the moment and received positive responses from all sides. "We are a family," said Ivo Ferriani, President of the International Bobsleigh and Skeleton Federation (IBSF), adding that he believes the situation "will be normalized soon". With the same sincere wish for China, Olle Dahlin, President of the International Biathlon Union (IBU), is looking forward to continuing the good cooperation as well. The International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) President Rene Fasel expressed the wish to work hand in glove with China for Beijing 2022. Furthermore, he believes the IIHF will do their best to "build and preserve a positive legacy for Chinese ice hockey for the future." Josef Fendt, President of the International Luge Federation (FIL), expressed appreciation for China's efforts on both epidemic prevention and international sports activities. Besides expressing the appreciation, Jan Dijkema, President of the International Skating Union (ISU), also mentioned ISU published the guidelines on their official website towards this epidemic situation. On behalf of the World Curling Federation (WCF), President Kate Caithness wrote in the letter that "everyone applauds the Chinese Health Authorities for the quick and efficient measures they have put in place to prevent the spread of this dreadful virus." "It is impressive to see the extensive and meticulous measures you are taking. The rest of the world can learn many things," said Sarah Lewis, the Secretary-General of the International Ski Federation (FIS).
WS5e44dc6da3101282172774e0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44dc6da3101282172774e0.html	2020-02-13	Businesses suffer from customers' coronavirus fears	Discrimination targeting our Asian American and Chinese American friends, neighbors and businesses is harmful to our entire community. [Photo/China Daily] The Chinese New Year and the days immediately following it usually have been a hectic time for Chinese restaurants in Southern California, but things were a little different this year. "We started seeing business decline just a couple of days after the Chinese New Year on Jan 25," said Tony Wong, a supervisor of a Cantonese restaurant in Rosemead, California. The novel coronavirus outbreak and ensuing panic have caused a significant decline at Chinese-owned businesses across the region. Some companies have taken drastic measures to prepare for major losses. Business at Wong's restaurant has dropped nearly 50 percent, he said. If it continues that way, he will consider laying off employees. Wong believes that unfounded fear about the coronavirus is to blame. Michael Liu, owner of Dagu Rice Noodle, a restaurant in Arcadia, California, a city with a large Chinese population, told China Daily that Chinese-owned businesses at the plaza where his restaurant is located have experienced a steady decline in customers since the outbreak started. Liu said he is closely monitoring the situation but is not considering laying off staff. He remains optimistic the downturn won't last. Liu said there was "no need to panic" and that his restaurant has taken precautionary steps like putting out hand sanitizers. Winnie Peng, owner of Ikka Sizzling Pot, a nearby restaurant, said income at her business is down 30 to 40 percent since the outbreak and she is expanding takeout offerings because more customers tend to prefer it. Chinese restaurants that specialize in food such as hot pot and dinner parties have taken the biggest hit, because many people have been avoiding large gatherings, Peng said. Peng said business also has declined significantly at her friend's Chinese takeout eatery in Altadena, a city with a 5 percent Asian population. Many Chinese-owned restaurants in the area have experienced 40-50 percent drops in business, said Jack Chen, president of the US Chinese General Chamber of Commerce. Elsewhere, a company that arranges Chinese-language bus tours of the sights in Manhattan is dealing with as many as 300 cancellations from Chinese tourists who cannot come to New York, The New York Times reported. Chen said the companies most impacted are travel agencies and import-export businesses. "Several of my members' companies in the travel sector have basically ceased operations. Some of them have already switched careers; others are still on the fence waiting to see what happens with the epidemic," he said. He urges the Chinese business-owners to remain calm, adding that the chance of contracting the coronavirus is very low in the US. However, Chen also cautioned Chinese business-owners to prepare for economic consequences. "If your business operation is reliant on China, you must pay close attention to it. At the very least, you must find a backup plan," he said. Jackie Wei, the CEO of Sanberd Inc, a company in Walnut, California, focused on cross-border e-commerce and overseas warehousing, said that because turnaround time is crucial in his industry, the virus' impact has been severe. "Our industry requires that there must be sufficient stocks of goods, so a very serious problem we are facing is that our customers' inventories are almost out of stock," Wei said. One reason for a delay in deliveries is disruption in global logistics due to travel restrictions and flight cancellations. Then there is the suspension of factory operations in China. "Efficiency and time play a key role in the cross-border e-commerce industry. Let's say you are ranked as the No. 1 seller today in the market, but when you are out of stock for three days, then your ranking might fall below 50. When that happens, it's very difficult for your business to recover," Wei said. Similar fears have driven customers away from Chinese-owned businesses across the US. Workers and owners at restaurants in Manhattan's Chinatown reported that business had dropped 50 to 70 percent, according to The New York Times. Debbie Chen, the part-owner of the Shabu House restaurant in Houston, told reporters at local TV station KPRC2 that her customer base has been cut in half, and it's hurting her bottom line. San Francisco's Chinese Merchants Association spokesperson Edward Siu told KPIX-TV that foot traffic on the streets of Chinatown was down by 50 percent. Some members of Toronto's Chinese community said that fears about the virus have taken a financial and emotional toll on their businesses. In response, a group walk was held in Toronto's Chinatown to support business owners in the area. Dozens of people poured into shops to make purchases and offer support. "I see the ways in which bias and fear can really manifest in a very tragic way within the public realm," organizer Jay Pitter told CTV News. A "Together We Win" campaign was launched to revitalize Chinese Canadian restaurants hit by massive losses. According to the organizer from the Chinese Cuisine & Hospitality Association of Canada, the sudden drop in business for many Chinese Canadian restaurants is "disastrous". Some have experienced sales drops as much as 80 percent. To prevent any further harm to the industry, the association along with a number of Chinese restaurants have taken action to assure public confidence in the restaurants. "Businesses across the city saw revenues drop as people allowed their fear and prejudices about (the virus') transmission to drive them away from Chinese-operated businesses," said campaign co-founder Dr Ken Ng. In a public statement on Feb 8, the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health urged the public to "focus on facts, not fear". It also noted "rising reports of reduced patronage of Chinese owned businesses, bullying and stigmatization on school and college campuses, as well as rampant xenophobia on social media". The department reiterated that the novel coronavirus is "not currently spreading in Los Angeles nor in the United States", and encouraged residents to feel comfortable eating and shopping at Chinese-owned businesses. "Discrimination targeting our Asian American and Chinese American friends, neighbors and businesses is harmful to our entire community," Department of Public Health Barbara Ferrer said in the press release. "This is not the time for the perpetuation of stereotypes and misinformation about the novel coronavirus. Public health encourages everyone to continue to enjoy all that our Asian communities have to offer," she said. Rena Li in Toronto contributed to this story.
37534610	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/powerchina/2020-02/13/content_37534610.htm	2020-02-13	POWERCHINA attends donation activity for fight against coronavirus	In Laos, POWERCHINA donated 80 million Lao kip ($8,961.89) and $5,000 at an event in the capital Vientiane on Feb 11 to support China's fight against the novel coronavirus epidemic. Local officials said the event was jointly organized by the Laos-Chinese Friendship Association and the Vientiane municipal government. Dignitaries attending the function included Lao Deputy Prime Minister Somdy Douangdy, Vientiane Mayor Sinlavong Khoutphaythoune, Lao Minister of Energy and Mines and President of the Laos-Chinese Friendship Association, Khammany Inthirath and Chinese ambassador to Laos, Jiang Zaidong. Participants support China in its fight against the novel coronavirus epidemic. [Photo/POWERCHINA] In the small Asian country, the Laos-Chinese Friendship Association, the Chinese General Chamber of Commerce in Laos and other circles of society have donated a large amount of medical supplies to China. China’s ambassador to Laos, Jiang Zaidong, said young Lao people are also supporting China in various ways. He expressed his sincere gratitude to the Lao government and event organizers and also his thinks for the quick response from the Lao community. Lao Deputy Prime Minister Somdy Douangdy said he believed that with the support of the international community, China would win the battle against the epidemic soon. He added that China and Laos were an unbreakable community with a shared future -- and that Laos was willing to join hands with China to control the novel coronavirus. On behalf of the Lao Government, he also awarded a donation certificate to POWERCHINA. Lao Deputy Prime Minister Somdy Douangdy hands a donation certificate to POWERCHINA. [Photo/POWERCHINA] Officials said that since the epidemic outbreak, POWERCHINA, regarded as the most influential Chinese-funded enterprise in Laos has actively organized donation activities there, while doing a good job in epidemic prevention and control to ensure its projects are under construction and operation in an orderly manner. The first donation from the employees of POWERCHINA of about 100,000 yuan ($14297.77)was transferred to the Chinese General Chamber of Commerce in Laos on Feb 2, to purchase the urgently needed medical protective materials to China.
WS5e44b959a31012821727746d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44b959a31012821727746d.html	2020-02-13	Study investigates possibility of newborn coronavirus transmission	[Photo/VCG] The novel coronavirus, which is causing an outbreak in China, may not be passed from mother to child late in pregnancy, according to a small observational study by Chinese scientists. The study, published in The Lancet online on Wednesday, covered nine pregnant women confirmed to have COVID-19 pneumonia. All nine pregnancies resulted in live births, with two cases of fetal distress. The authors of the new study caution their findings are based on a limited number of cases over a short period of time, and only included women who were late in their pregnancy and gave birth by Caesarean section. The effect of mothers being infected with the virus during the first or second trimester of pregnancy and subsequent outcomes for their offspring remain unclear, as well as whether the virus can be passed from mother to child during natural birth, according to Lancet. The new study comes after the news of a child born to a mother infected with COVID-19 testing positive for infection within 36 hours of birth, which prompted questions about whether the virus could be contracted in the womb. When discussing the case, the study’s lead author Zhang Yuanzhen, from Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, said: “It is important to note many important clinical details of this case are missing, and for this reason we cannot conclude from this one case whether intrauterine infection is possible. Nonetheless, we should continue to pay special attentions to newborns born to mothers with COVID-19 pneumonia to help prevent infections in this group.”
WS5e44b5bca310128217277415	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44b5bca310128217277415.html	2020-02-13	10 HK residents in Hubei infected with coronavirus	A medical staff walks at the department of infectious diseases in Wuhan Union Hospital in Wuhan, central China's Hubei province, Jan 28, 2020. [XIAO YIJIU/XINHUA] HONG KONG – Ten Hong Kong residents in Hubei province have been confirmed to be infected with the novel coronavirus COVID-19, according to a government statement issued on Wednesday. This is the first report of the virus infection of Hong Kong people staying on the mainland. The Constitutional and Mainland Affairs Bureau said the 10 people are from three families. Seven of the patients are in Wuhan, capital city of Hubei province, and the other three in the province's southwestern Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture. All of them are receiving treatment in local hospitals and are reported to be in relatively stable condition, according to the statement. The government has directed its Economic and Trade Office (ETO) in Wuhan to do its utmost to provide any feasible assistance to the patients. "Thanks to the efforts devoted by Wuhan ETO in coordinating with the relevant authorities, six of them (the patients) have been admitted to local hospitals within a short time, while the remaining four have made their own way to seek medical treatment from hospitals," a spokesman with the Constitutional and Mainland Affairs Bureau said in the statement. The ETO will keep close contact with the patients, and make sure they receive proper treatment, according to the statement.
WS5e44b3cba310128217277407	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44b3cba310128217277407.html	2020-02-13	HK confirms 1 more coronavirus case, 1 patient discharged	[Liu Xiaoliang/China Daily] HONG KONG - Hong Kong confirmed a new case of the novel coronavirus pneumonia on Wednesday, bringing the total tally to 50. The latest patient, a 51-year-old man, has been working with the 37th patient in a restaurant kitchen, said Chuang Shuk-kwan, head of the Communicable Disease Branch of the Centre for Health Protection. Of the seven people who worked in the the area in the kitchen, two have been confirmed to have the disease, two tested negative, and three others are awaiting test results, Chuang said. Eighteen other people who worked at the restaurant will be tested for the virus. Chuang also confirmed that one patient has been cured of the disease and discharged from a hospital on Wednesday. The 25-year-old man had tested negative twice in two tests that were administered at least 24 hours apart. He had become the 18th confirmed case in Hong Kong on Feb 4, and the first to be discharged from a hospital in the city. In a press conference on Wednesday, Sara Ho, the Hospital Authority's chief manager (Patient Safety and Risk Management), also expected several other patients to be discharged after recovery from the disease soon. (With Xinhua inputs)
WS5e44ab4ea31012821727736c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44ab4ea31012821727736c.html	2020-02-13	China promotes TV, radio shows to rally morale in coronavirus battle	Around 180 television and radio shows will be broadcast without airing fees on television and radio stations across China from February to the end of August, according to the National Radio and Television Administration. This comes as a result of a TV and radio shows promotion campaign launched by the administration to rally public morale in the battle against the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak. The shows cover a variety of topics ranging from culture, science, to education and health and include animation series and documentaries, among other works. Among them is the popular game show "Chinese Poetry Conference." The total time length of the TV and radio shows, of which airing rights have been made free thanks to donations from copyright owners amid the virus battle, has reached nearly 1,000 hours, according to the administration.
WS5e44aa61a310128217277352	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44aa61a310128217277352.html	2020-02-13	Chinese GP postponed due to novel coronavirus outbreak	SHANGHAI - The Formula 1 Heineken Chinese Grand Prix 2020, originally scheduled for April 19, will be postponed in view of the novel coronavirus, Chinese Grand Prix promoter Juss Sports Group announced Wednesday. According to the announcement, as a result of continued health concerns and with the World Health Organization declaring the coronavirus as a global health emergency, Formula 1 and the FIA have jointly made the decision in order to ensure the health and safety of the travelling staff, championship participants and fans, which remains of primary concern. Formula 1 and the FIA will continue to work closely with the teams, race promoter, the Federation of Automobile and Motorcycle Sports of People's Republic of China (CAMF) and the local authorities to monitor the situation as it develops. All parties will take the appropriate amount of time to study the viability of potential alternative dates for the Grand Prix later in the year should the situation improve, the announcement said. It is the first time for the Formula 1 Heineken Chinese Grand Prix to be delayed since it was established in 2004.
WS5e44a9c6a310128217277341	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44a9c6a310128217277341.html	2020-02-13	Fact check: All you need to know about novel coronavirus	None
WS5e44a939a31012821727732f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44a939a31012821727732f.html	2020-02-13	UK team begins tests on coronavirus vaccine	CHINA DAILY Scientists hoping to have a candidate ready for mass production by year's end A group of scientists from Imperial College London has reportedly become the first team outside China to begin animal testing on a vaccine for the novel coronavirus. The virus, which causes new coronavirus-infected pneumonia, which the World Health Organization named this week as COVID-19, has killed hundreds and sickened thousands, mainly in the Chinese mainland after making the leap from infecting animals to infecting humans. The newness of the virus in humans means there are currently no vaccines, and no proven therapeutics. Researcher Paul McKay told the French news agency Agence France-Presse that the team hopes to have an effective vaccine ready for mass production by the end of the year. "At the moment, we have just put the vaccine that we've generated …into mice," he said. "We're hoping that, over the next few weeks, we'll be able to determine the response that we can see in those mice, in their blood, their antibody response to the coronavirus." Scientists in China are also understood to be at a similar stage in the drive to develop a vaccine. Such research is usually is a long, drawn-out process that involves animal testing, human trials, and meticulous checks, but the World Health Organization is understood to be seeking safe and effective ways to speed up the process. The new virus is a strain of a well-known virus that has been effectively controlled by vaccines in the past. The researchers at Imperial College London hope research and testing carried out almost two decades ago into the SARS coronavirus will speed up the current process. "We're hoping to be the first to get this particular vaccine into human clinical trials, and that perhaps is our personal goal," McKay said. "Once the phase one trial is complete, which can take a few months … it can be immediately started into an efficacy trial in people, which will also take a few months to complete." The Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, which was established during the 2017 World Economic Forum in Davos to foster cooperation between universities and pharmaceutical companies, is funding much of the world's research into a vaccine. However, AFP reports that the Imperial College London team is self-funding. McKay said the team's research has been greatly helped by China's willingness to share information. "There's been so much cross-sharing with all of this information," he said. "I mean the Chinese, as soon as the genome was sequenced, they shared it freely with everyone in the world." Imperial College London is playing a significant role in the battle against the virus. Researchers led by Imperial's Professor Neil Ferguson became the first in the UK to accurately estimate the size of the outbreak. And that 1 percent of people with the disease will die from their infection. Ferguson told the BBC he believes the number of new cases will continue to rise. "I think we're in the early phases of a global pandemic at the moment," he said. Professor Peter Openshaw has also been at the forefront of work carried out by Imperial. He is tracking how the virus affects the body and the immune system. And Professor Wendy Barclay has pioneered work on how respiratory viruses such as influenza spread and how that information might help in fighting the novel coronavirus. Professor Robin Shattock, who heads the lab in which the vaccine is being developed, told the United States business news television channel CNBC on Tuesday that a vaccine could still be a way off, and might not be ready until early next year. "It still requires a lot of testing to see if these vaccines are safe and then see if they work," he said. Shattock also noted that his team's work has been greatly supported by information from Chinese health officials. John Oxford, an emeritus professor of virology at Queen Mary University London, said on Radio 4's Today program on Wednesday that the virus does have a weakness, and everyone can play their part in defeating it, regardless of the development of a vaccine. "It's not about wearing a mask," he said. "It's less of the hand-shaking, touching, and kissing."
WS5e44a4baa3101282172772eb	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44a4baa3101282172772eb.html	2020-02-13	MWC 2020 canceled due to coronavirus concerns	The Logo of MWC20 (Mobile World Congress) is pictured in Barcelona, Spain, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The world's biggest show in the mobile communications industry, Mobile World Congress, has been canceled this year due to concerns about the novel coronavirus outbreak. The GSM Association, which organizes the show, said it has decided to cancel the event. The decision comes after more than a week of exhibitors and companies withdrawing from MWC 2020, which was scheduled to take place in Barcelona between Feb 24 and 27. GSMA CEO John Hoffman said in a statement that "With due regard to the safe and healthy environment in Barcelona and the host country today, the GSMA has cancelled MWC Barcelona 2020 because of global concern regarding the coronavirus outbreak, travel concern and other circumstances, make it impossible for the GSMA to hold the event." "The Host City Parties respect and understand this decision. The GSMA and Host City Parties will continue to work in unison and support each other for MWC Barcelona 2021 and future editions," Hoffman added. The GSMA is an industry trade body that represents more than 1,200 companies across the mobile ecosystem. Before the GSMA decision, Chinese telecom equipment ZTE had already decided to cancel a planned press event at the exhibition over coronavirus fears, and Chinese smartphone maker Vivo said it had decided to pull out . But a string of Chinese players including Huawei, Oppo and Xiaomi Corp, had said earlier this week they planned to attend the event as scheduled with better safety measures. Now they all have to rewrite their plans.
WS5e449a03a31012821727720f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e449a03a31012821727720f.html	2020-02-13	China's UN envoy: coronavirus battle yielding results	Medical supplies donated by the United Nations Development Program arrive in Beijing on Feb 12, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China's top envoy to the United Nations gave a comprehensive overview of the country's efforts to fight novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP), saying that China's efforts are achieving positive results and that it has the ability and confidence to defeat the outbreak while meeting targets for economic and social development. Zhang Jun, permanent representative of China to the UN, said at the UN Commission for Social Development on Wednesday that in facing the epidemic, China has demonstrated strong determination to fight it against all odds. The Chinese government has made fighting the epidemic its most important and urgent task. Led by President Xi Jinping, China has mobilized itself and adopted the most comprehensive and rigorous preventive and control measures, which have fully demonstrated the power and advantages of China's system whereby all resources are pooled together to cope with major challenges. Medical professionals and people from all walks of life are fighting the epidemic with all their might, demonstrating a spirit of fearlessness and sacrifice. The unprecedented measures taken by China have been fully acknowledged by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the international community. Zhang said that in facing the epidemic, China puts the lives and health of the people first. While making every effort to prevent and control the spread of the epidemic, China has taken decisive actions and built two new hospitals within 10 days in Wuhan, where the epidemic is most severe. Around 20,000 health care professionals from around the country along with large quantities of medical supplies have been sent to the front line. Efforts have been made to step up research and development of medications. With unremitting efforts, there has been positive development in the situation. The number of new confirmed cases in regions beyond Hubei province has been declining for eight consecutive days, and the number of patients cured is rising significantly to more than 5,000. This has further boosted confidence in defeating the epidemic. Zhang said that in facing the epidemic, China has adopted an open, transparent and highly responsible attitude, not only for its own sake but also for the world. China has applied rigorous prevention and control measures that far exceed the requirements of the International Health Regulations, effectively curbing the spread of the epidemic. At present, cases of infection in other countries are less than 1 percent of those in China. China reported epidemic information to the WHO and the relevant countries and regions as soon as it was available, and it shared the genetic sequences of the virus, actively communicated with other countries in order to come up with responses. China cares about the safety and health of foreign nationals in China as it does its own people. China has reported the situation in a timely manner and provides all necessary assistance. Zhang emphasized that addressing global public health issues is a challenge faced by all countries. Countries are linked by the same destiny, and no nation can survive alone, he said. In the current circumstances, China calls on the international community to maintain solidarity, support each other, strengthen information, experience and technology-sharing and work with the Chinese government and people to jointly meet the challenges. China also calls on the international community to remain rational and make evidence-based decisions, respect the guidance of the WHO, evaluate the epidemic objectively and impartially, and take proper measures to avoid overreaction that would cause greater negative effects. China calls on the international community to increase mutual trust, foster an awareness of a community of a shared future for mankind, oppose politicization of health issues and leave no room for any racist comments, discrimination or stigma. Representatives of Indonesia, Nigeria, the Philippines, Mongolia and Venezuela commended and showed support for China in their statements, calling on the international community to maintain solidarity and work together to tackle the challenges.
WS5e449842a310a2fabb7a21db	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e449842a310a2fabb7a21db.html	2020-02-13	City battles the novel coronavirus	The epidemic control of coronavirus diseases (COVID-19) in Hong Kong is at its most critical stage, the government and experts have repeatedly stressed. As of Wednesday, 50 patients had been confirmed infected and one man died in hospital. In an effort to reduce importation of the virus, the government has gradually tightened the entry restrictions and eventually required all arrivals from the mainland to undergo a 14-day mandatory quarantine at home or designated places. The city's health resources faced another challenge when over 4,000 hospital workers went on a five-day strike last Monday calling for a total lockdown of the city. The industrial action added a tremendous burden to public hospitals, causing a large number of scheduled surgeries, including cesarean sections, to be postponed and forcing the public hospitals to run at limited resources in many disciplines. Hong Kong authorities called on members of the public not to panic, as the coronavirus continues to spread. Hong Kong microbiologist Yuen Kwok-yung said it's unlikely there will be massive transmission of the disease throughout the community. At the same time, the public is advised to stay at home as much as possible, and to avoid gatherings. Eleven members of one family were diagnosed with the virus after a family gathering of 19 people on Jan 26. Two confirmed cases were identified on different floors of a residential building in Tsing Yi. The discovery prompted evacuation of the building, involving some 200 tenants on Tuesday. Experts suspect the virus was transmitted through an altered exhaust pipe that connected a toilet with the building's sewage outlet. mollychen@chinadailyhk.com Hong Kong residents form a long line outside a drugstore in Tsim Sha Tsui on Feb 3 to buy face masks as a precaution against the novel coronavirus. Calvin Ng / China Daily A man is transferred to the Princess Margaret Hospital on Jan 22 for treatment and quarantine. He was later confirmed to be the first infected patient of the novel coronavirus in Hong Kong. Provided to China Daily Passengers wearing surgical masks arrive at the West Kowloon highspeed rail station on Jan 23. Calvin Ng / China Daily  
WS5e449840a310a2fabb7a21da	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e449840a310a2fabb7a21da.html	2020-02-13	HK tightens up measures to contain the spread of coronavirus	Jan 25 -Require arrivals via all immigration checkpoints to report health        conditions Jan 26 -Extend the Spring Festival break for non-tertiary students to Feb 17 -Suspend all flights and rail services between Wuhan Jan 30 -Close six immigration checkpoints at the boundary with the mainland -Suspend services of the Hong Kong section of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link and the Intercity Through Train Jan 31 -Further extend the holiday for non-tertiary students to March 2 -Require civil servants to work from home until Feb 9 Feb 3 -Require Hong Kong residents returning from Hubei province to wear smart wristbands to monitor their whereabouts Feb 4 -Close all but four border crossings including Shenzhen Bay Port and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, the only two remaining immigration checkpoints with the mainland Feb 7 -Extend the arrangement for civil servants to work from home to Feb 16 Feb 8 -Require all arrivals who visited the mainland in the past two weeks, including Hong Kong residents, to be quarantined for 14 days
WS5e446662a310128217277191	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e446662a310128217277191.html	2020-02-13	First case of novel coronavirus in London confirmed	Test tube with Corona virus name label is seen in this illustration taken on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The first case of the novel coronavirus has been confirmed in London, bringing the total number of cases in the United Kingdom to nine. The latest victim is believed to be a Chinese woman who flew into London's Heathrow Airport from China a few days ago. She is being treated in London's St Thomas' Hospital. The news comes after Steve Walsh, a 53-year-old scout leader from Hove in East Sussex, was discharged from the same hospital, after contracting the virus at a Singapore conference at the end of last month before coming home via a skiing holiday in the Alps. So far more than 1780 people have been tested for the virus in the UK, and two dozen countries outside China have reported COVID-19 cases.
WS5e442480a310128217277174	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e442480a310128217277174.html	2020-02-13	Advanced medical equipment used to treat coronavirus	Doctor Peng Zhiyong treats a patient infected with the novel coronavirus in Wuhan on Feb 1, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/For China Daily] The use of advanced medical equipment to treat seriously ill patients with the novel coronavirus has played a major role in reducing the fatality rate, experts said on Wednesday. Among the equipment is the ECMO machine, or extracorporeal Membrance Oxygenation. Among the equipment is the ECMO machine, or extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation. Zhou Jun, Party chief of the China Japan Friendship Hospital, said they have transported more than $ 2.1 million worth of medical equipment to treat the seriously ill patients in Wuhan, including the ECMO and other life-support equipment. "They have played a very positive role in treating severe symptoms and lowering the fatality rate," he said. The ECMO is a life-support machine designed to replace the function of the heart and lungs of seriously ill patients. "Patients with novel coronavirus have noticeable damage in their respiratory system, and if we can use ECMO to pump oxygen into their bloom streams, it will help their lungs rest and recover faster," said Ma Xin, vice-president of Huashan hospital of Fudan University in Shanghai. However, it is such a highly advanced and expensive machine that even some of the biggest hospitals in Wuhan can only afford one at a time. Han Ding, the vice-president of Peking Union Medical College Hospital, said that in addition to the ECMO, other life support systems such as those for kidneys and metabolism are also playing an important role in treating the severely ill patients.
WS5e44a382a310a2fabb7a223d	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44a382a310a2fabb7a223d.html	2020-02-13	What legal hurdles will a coronavirus cure face?	As researchers in the pharmaceutical industry seek to contain the novel coronavirus epidemic, Tao Xinliang, honorary dean of the Intellectual Property Institute of Shanghai University, shares with China Daily his insights into related patent issues. Can a new patent be filed for an old drug due to novel use? When it is found that a patented drug can be used for another medical use, it is a common practice worldwide to file a new patent based on the novel use. The filing is in compliance with laws and regulations. Such applications are called second medical use patents. Under the current legal framework in China, as well as in other major countries and regions, second medical use patents can be granted when they meet certain requirements. Globally, it is a thorny issue to provide medicine with patent protection. This is due to the lengthy research and development, heavy investment and high risks involved. Thus the design of the patent system for the pharmaceutical industry needs to consider the balance of interests between business and the public. Technical improvements to products and methods can be patented. According to rights claims, patents can be categorized into product inventions and method inventions. A new use patent falls into the second category. Based on existing medicines, further research on such aspects as medicine types, dosages, production procedures and new uses are encouraged worldwide. Legal systems in most countries provide protection for newly discovered uses of patented medicines, as they have proved to be a boost for the healthcare industry. Novel use of medicines often comes as a surprise to pharmaceuticals companies and researchers. Aspirin is an exemplary case. The fever reducer and pain reliever has been found helpful in preventing cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Will a second medical use patent be granted? Filing an application is just the first step toward seeking protection under the patent system. Whether it will be granted or not depends on if it is proved to be useful, novel and non-obvious. Out of a host of applications, only some can be granted. It is no exception with second medical use patents. According to China's Patent Law, a filing needs to go through a series of administrative procedures, including preliminary examination and substantive examination. At the latter stage, examiners will review whether filers have each provided a clear and complete statement of their technological solutions. They will also check the requirements of being useful, novel and non-obvious. A filing will be rejected in the absence of sufficient details of experiment data or due to the lack of creativeness in the second medical use. How does a second medical use patent work? If a second medical use patent is granted, its owner needs to cross-license intellectual property to gain the authorization for the medicine's product patent. Generally, a second medical use patent is a spinoff of its related medicine product patent. Their relationship is similar to that between basic patents and improvement patents. Gaining a new use patent does not necessarily follow that it can be used directly. The patentee needs to gain the authorization of the basic patent holder, or the owner of the medicine patent, who also needs to be authorized for the new medical use. Facing the novel coronavirus outbreak, public safety and health are top priority. Government agencies, patentees, innovators and pharmaceuticals are being called on to join hands to advance medicine R&D and share research data.   Tao Xinliang, honorary dean of the Intellectual Property Institute of Shanghai University    
WS5e44a2c9a310a2fabb7a2234	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44a2c9a310a2fabb7a2234.html	2020-02-13	Japan cruise ship coronavirus cases hit 175, including quarantine officer	TOKYO－Another 39 people have tested positive for the novel coronavirus on the cruise ship Diamond Princess quarantined in Japan, with one quarantine officer also infected, bringing the total to 175, Japanese Health Ministry said on Wednesday. The Diamond Princess was placed in quarantine for two weeks upon arriving in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, on Feb 3, after a man who disembarked in Hong Kong was diagnosed with the virus. About 3,700 people are on board the ship, which usually has a crew of 1,100 and a passenger capacity of 2,670. The ministry said tests were being conducted for others deemed to need them and it would announce the results later. Kyodo News Agency, citing the health ministry, said that of the 39 cases, 10 were crew and 29 were passengers. Ten were Japanese and the others were from 11 countries including the United States and China. Four were in serious condition, Japanese Health Minister Katsunobu Kato said. People testing positive for the virus are taken off the ship to hospital. The quarantine officer who was infected had been handing out questionnaires checking the health of passengers and crew since Feb 3, and had been following rules that require the wearing of a mask and gloves but not a full protective suit, according to the Nikkei business daily, quoting the health ministry. "It's terrible about the quarantine officer," said one passenger on the ship, who declined to be identified. "The ones who came to our room to do the initial screening had gloves and surgical masks, while the ones who came to do the actual virus test also had full gowns and full face masks." A health ministry official had no immediate comment, but Nikkei said the ministry was checking the officer's contacts with colleagues and family members. "There are lots of ways to get infected even if you're wearing a mask. Hand hygiene, touching the mask and then not washing hands, wearing a mask but touching your eyes with contaminated hands.... It happens," said David Fisman, an epidemiologist at the University of Toronto. The government was considering allowing the elderly and those with chronic illnesses to disembark before the Feb 19 target date for the end of quarantine, some media reported, but added it would take time to determine where they could be sent. Passengers and crew have been mostly confined to their quarters, aside from being allowed brief periods on deck while wearing face masks. "You sit out on the balcony and you hear people coughing all the way along," British passenger Sally Abel said in a video streamed on Facebook. "It is nothing like a holiday, but it is complete relaxation," she added. On board the ship, the captain told passengers the situation was changing all the time. "We are following the latest and best public health guidelines from the authorities," he said in a broadcast that passengers relayed on social media. Reuters - AFP Passengers look out from a deck of the cruise ship Diamond Princess at Daikoku Pier Cruise Terminal in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, on Wednesday. KIM KYUNG-HOON/REUTERS    
WS5e44a581a310a2fabb7a224b	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/13/WS5e44a581a310a2fabb7a224b.html	2020-02-13	Rational estimation to the impact of coronavirus	While it would be misguided to underestimate the short-term impact of the novel coronavirus epidemic on the Chinese economy, it would be equally unwise to overestimate the long-term impact, which is likely to be marginal. For the government, aside from managing the epidemic and ensuring people's basic livelihoods, the goals of policymaking should be supporting small and medium-sized enterprises instead of launching a new round of macroeconomic stimulus. As it is the evolution of the epidemic that will ultimately determine when the economy gets back on track, the government should have plans in place for different scenarios. The epidemic has highlighted some of the advantages of the system in China, while throwing into sharp relief issues and deficits in its development thus far. If the country can reflect honestly and address the problems that have appeared, the epidemic could prove to be a catalyst for reforms to drive social development, improve the country's institutions and boost its economic efficiency. The extent of the economic impact of the epidemic beyond the first quarter will largely depend on the evolution of the outbreak itself, which has proven to be highly uncertain. Given the fact that China is fully committed to bringing the epidemic under control no matter what, it is extremely unlikely that the novel coronavirus will continue to wreak havoc over an extended period of time. Having said that, it is not the time to let down our guard, since the peak in the flow of people returning from their hometowns to work after an extended Spring Festival holiday is still to come. But based on the evolution of the SARS epidemic in 2002 and 2003, it is reasonable to assume that the spread of the virus will be reined in within two months, concluding with close to zero new cases by the end of that timeframe. For an optimistic scenario, we can assume that the virus will be thoroughly contained within a month. For a pessimistic scenario, we can assume that it will take three months to bring the epidemic under control. Regardless of the scenario that ultimately plays out, a reasonable policy response should, besides meeting the urgent needs of managing the epidemic and ensuring the production and transportation of emergency supplies, also focus on being the helper of last resort to small-and medium-sized enterprises to prevent them going out of business en masse. When the entire country is doing all it can to control the epidemic and prevent it from spreading further, local measures to shut down the main transportation routes can lead to a classic case of the prisoner's dilemma. Therefore, it is a good idea for the central government to consider banning local governments from such attempts aside from areas under lockdown, so as to ensure the smooth circulation of goods. In terms of trade, based on the past international experience, WHO's announcement of PHEIC has limited impact on the overall trade in the related countries, while this year, due to the 2019-nCov, manufacturing companies cannot resume work on time after the holiday, goods delivering and payment collection will be significantly impacted. With several major countries having issued varying degrees of travel restrictions, their airlines have successively canceled flights to China, which will have a greater impact on Chinese companies engaged in service trade in the short term. The central bank and State Administration of Foreign Exchange can give care to these enterprises in terms of liquidity supply and foreign exchange management. While the central government is keeping the production of critical medical supplies, the prices of everyday products can rely more on the invisible hand of the market to bring supply and demand back into balance. The government can spare energy to focus on ensuring production, prohibiting local roads from being excessively closed, and improving logistics. Under the pessimistic scenario in which the epidemic lasts three months or more, the government should ensure access to key supplies such as masks, protective coveralls and disinfectant. The government can also take a localized approach in prioritizing the reopening of factories in places with significant improvement in epidemic management. In key manufacturing hubs, factories with good isolation practices can reopen depending on their individual circumstances. An old adage tells us to repair the roof when the sun is shining, and indeed, the outbreak has served to expose glaring deficits in basic facilities and capacities in epidemic prevention in many major cities. If the epidemic lasts longer than expected, the central government can consider subsidizing local governments for them to build permanent health establishments that can serve as centers for the prevention and control of infectious diseases in cities of a certain population size and above. A case in point is the Nanjing Public Health Medical Center, established five years ago. The experience of Nanjing and other cities can be quickly replicated in areas in need, and as it does so, the central government can stimulate demand while beefing up prevention. Barring extreme, unforeseen circumstances, the impact of the novel coronavirus on the economy should be limited to the near term. We can expect to see poor growth in the first quarter, with revenue losses in sectors such as hospitality and transportation. Therefore, a slowdown in the first quarter will inevitably drag down annual growth figures. Should something be done to stimulate the economy to recover the GDP lost in the first quarter during the rest of the year? Not necessarily. Once the epidemic comes to an end, there will be a rebound in demand. As the demand that has been delayed or constrained is released, the economy will bounce back and quarterly growth will bottom out, offsetting to a certain extent demand depressed during the outbreak. When that happens, accommodative policies should be rolled back in an orderly manner, so as to avoid going overboard and resulting in unnecessary inflation, over-indebtedness and a possible rise in defaults. Expansionary policies and potential stimulus packages in response to the epidemic must be disciplined, manageable, targeted, and focus on helping those in dire need over the short term. As long as the impact is handled properly, market players can outlive the outbreak with government support, and the long-term impact on the Chinese economy should be negligible. And, as long as this epidemic is taken as an opportunity for soul-searching and learning hard lessons, this misfortune may end up being a catalyst for needed reforms in many areas including the public health system, emergency response system, social governance and government administration.   SHI YU/CHINA DAILY    
WS5e4415cba310128217277166	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4415cba310128217277166.html	2020-02-12	Canada ready to aid China on coronavirus	Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks during Question Period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, Dec 11, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] Prime Minister Trudeau says international community has to 'continue to work together' As China grapples with the novel coronavirus, now being called COVID-19, Canada pledged that it is ready to offer more help. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Sunday that Canada is standing by in case China asks for more help. He said Canada has already responded to China's request for medical equipment, including face masks and other protective gear, as the infection rate and death toll from the virus continue to climb. "We are going to continue to work with them to ensure that they have the resources to contain this virus," Trudeau said during a visit to Ethiopia. "We recognize it is a difficult and uncertain time for (China) and for everyone around the world, but as an international community we do have to continue to work together, and we're there to help." Meanwhile, an advance team of international experts organized by the World Health Organization (WHO) left for Beijing on Sunday to help investigate China's COVID-19 epidemic. Dr Bruce Aylward, a Canadian epidemiologist will lead the special WHO team. Aylward and his colleagues are working with their Chinese counterparts to make sure they have the right expertise to address the outbreak. As the COVID-19 epidemic spread globally, more than 460 cases have been confirmed outside the Chinese mainland. Seven cases have been confirmed in Canada, with four cases in British Columbia and three in Ontario. A statement released by Canada's Foreign Ministry, Global Affairs Canada, said that the country is working with its partners and international organizations to control the spread of the disease. "This is vital to helping those affected and protecting the health and safety of people around the world," said the statement. To support China's ongoing response to the outbreak, Canada has deployed approximately 16 metric tons of personal protective equipment, such as clothing, face shields, masks, goggles and gloves to the country since Feb 4. This equipment has been provided in collaboration with the Canadian Red Cross and the Red Cross Society of China. "Our deepest thoughts are with all those affected by this outbreak. We continue to monitor the situation and stand ready to provide further assistance as needed," said François-Philippe Champagne, Canada's minister of foreign affairs. "Canada is saddened by the impact of the novel coronavirus outbreak, especially the loss of life, on the Chinese population," said Karina Gould, Canada's minister of international development, adding that personal protective equipment is essential to prevent and limit the spread of the virus. While some countries announced significant entry restrictions after the COVID-19 outbreak, Canada said it is not ready to declare a national emergency. Canada's ambassador to China, Dominic Barton, praised China's efforts in trying to contain the outbreak, saying its decision to lock down Wuhan and freeze travel during the traditional Chinese New Year helped to prevent its spread. "I commend what China is doing in trying to contain this," Barton told MPs at a special House of Commons committee on Canada-China relations last Wednesday. Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau warned that the outbreak will "undoubtedly" hit the Canadian and global economies this year. Although Canada can't know the economic impact right now, said Morneau, it will be felt across the country on everything from declining tourism, declining oil prices and supply-chain challenges. "Some estimates suggest the outbreak could cause a dip of roughly 0.4 percent in global economic output in 2020," he added.
WS5e43cdfca310128217277116	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43cdfca310128217277116.html	2020-02-12	Xinjiang encourages home fitness during novel coronavirus outbreak	Local medical workers help check medicines at a herdsman's home in rural Tashikurgan Tajik autonomous county, Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, on July 6, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] The Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region is encouraging residents between 8 and 70 years of age to participate in 10 kinds of physical activities at home, including jumping rope, kicking shuttlecocks and practicing Tai Chi, to stay in shape during the novel coronarivus outbreak. Participants can take videos of their workouts and send them to a designated email of the Xinjiang Sports Administration to win prizes. “The videos should be sent from Feb 7 to 18,” said Yang Dezhong, secretary general of the Xinjiang Sports Federation. So far, 62 people have sent videos to the administration.
WS5e43caaaa31012821727710f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43caaaa31012821727710f.html	2020-02-12	Medical workers from Shanxi join battle against novel coronavirus in Hubei	The sixth batch of medical workers takes a group photo in Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi province, before departing for Hubei to join the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. [Photos by Hao Dongliang/For china daily.com.cn] Two groups of medical workers from North China's Shanxi province traveled to Central China's Hubei province on Tuesday, joining the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. One group of 12 doctors and nurses from respiratory departments and intensive care units from various hospitals in Shanxi will work in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei, the hardest-hit city with the disease. Another group of 60 doctors and nurses will work in Xiantao and Tianmen cities of Hubei, according to the health authorities in Shanxi. Sources with Shanxi health authorities said more medical workers, along with medical protective supplies, would be sent to Hubei in the days ahead. The sixth batch of medical workers takes a group photo in Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi province, before departing for Hubei to join the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic. [Photos by Hao Dongliang/For china daily.com.cn]
WS5e43c60da3101282172770f9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43c60da3101282172770f9.html	2020-02-12	Chinese scientists divided on official scientific name for novel coronavirus	Chinese scientists are divided on the official scientific name of the novel coronavirus, with supporters saying the name is descriptive and follows typical classification practices, while others claiming it could easily be misunderstood and abused to cause unnecessary fears. The name for the virus is called Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2. It was released in the non-peer reviewed journal database BioRxiv by the Coronavirus Study Group of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Virus on Tuesday. The World Health Organization also named the disease caused by the virus on Tuesday as COVID-19, meaning coronavirus disease discovered in 2019. WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the name is neutral, pronounceable and related to the disease. "Having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing," he said. "It also gives us a standard format to use for any future coronavirus outbreaks." As for the virus, the ICTV study group said the new pathogen is a sister strain parallel to the SARS virus from 2003, and both viruses fall under the species of SARS-related coronavirus. The rationale behind the classification is to "highlight the need to study the entire virus species to complement research focused on individual pathogenic viruses of immediate significance." The present outbreak is the third spillover in two decades of an animal coronavirus to humans resulting in a major epidemic. Therefore, "the research will improve our understanding of virus-host interactions in an ever-changing environment and enhance our preparedness for future outbreaks," it said. The virus's new name has received a mixed reception since it was published. Mebratu A Bitew, a biology PhD candidate at the University of Melbourne, said on his Twitter account that he favored the new name to the previous 2019-nCoV title, which implies a novel coronavirus discovered in 2019. He said the word "novel was confusing jargon" because neither the disease nor the host range can be used to reliably determine a virus's novelty, since a few mutations can turn a virus deadly or switch to another host. The new title also has followed traditional naming conventions, such as those used in naming Dengue fever. According to the ICTV, the mosquito-borne tropical virus has four serotypes with similar hosts, symptoms, and transmission methods, and thus its variants are named DENV-1, DENV-2, DENV-3 and DENV-4. The virus for the SARS epidemic in 2003 was named SARS-CoV. Since the latest coronavirus also originates from bats, uses the same receptor to infect cells and shares nearly 80 percent of genetic material with the SARS virus, it is natural for scientists to add a numeral behind it to signify their relatedness. However, for the untrained eye, simply adding a number two behind the SARS virus may lead the public to perceive the new virus as a direct descendant, rather than a close relative, to the pathogen that caused China's first major viral outbreak in the 21st century, according to the Intellectual, a public WeChat account founded by a few renowned scientists, including neuroscientist Rao Yi. SARS's visible symptoms also are more serious, and it has a higher death rate, around 9.6 percent, than novel coronavirus, which is estimated to be around 2 to 4 percent, according to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Therefore, the SARS virus still strikes a sensitive nerve with the Chinese public and scientists have been very careful when comparing the two coronaviruses. On Sunday, virologist Chen Huanchun made a public apology for mistakenly saying the novel coronavirus is a type of SARS virus, which caused panic on Chinese social media and led to prominent scientists scrambling to debunk the claim. The Intellectual reported that many Chinese scientists are dissatisfied with the formal name for the virus, including the virologist who discovered the new virus's bat origin, Shi Zhengli. She said they are giving suggestions to the study group to possibly amend the name. Other names have been discussed recently in the Chinese scientific community, including TARS-CoV, HARS-CoV, CARS-CoV and PARS-CoV. The "ARS" in all the names represent acute respiratory syndrome, with T stands for transmissible, H for human, C for contagious, and P for pneumonia. However, it is unclear whether the ICTV will take these suggestions into consideration. The name Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus, or MERS-CoV, has persisted and been widely used since it was discovered in Saudi Arabia in 2012, despite experts and the WHO criticizing the name for stigmatizing Middle Eastern people.
WS5e43c2d8a3101282172770de	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43c2d8a3101282172770de.html	2020-02-12	My life in Wuhan during the coronavirus epidemic	An open market offers vegetables to residents in neighborhoods adjacent to Nanhu Lake, Hongshan district, Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 12, 2020. [Photo by Su Feng/chinadaily.com.cn] China is currently experiencing a collective drama triggered by the spread of the coronavirus. This cruel test, the Chinese do not want to undergo it. They fight it with courage, selflessness and an extraordinary community spirit. What can be going on in the mind of a stranger who is caught in this epidemic? Nothing complicated, to tell the truth. I'm staying! I have only been living in China since 2019. It is little time compared to other Guineans, but the value does not wait for the number of years and each one builds their representation of China based on their own experiences. With the coronavirus, my parents and loved ones began to worry a little, but I quickly reassured them. I am exactly where I need to be. In this kind of situation, one question always comes up: How do ordinary people experience an extraordinary event? In reality, nothing changes in our way of life but our brain integrates the probability that everything could change in an instant. To my surprise, many of my Chinese friends asked me if I wanted to return to Guinea, and some showed me their understanding by anticipating my departure, while others even believed that I had already left! However, like it does for many foreigners, China is the country that welcomed me and gave new opportunities. Just as you don't abandon a friend in need, my choice was not to leave China at the first difficulty. It’s a firm and definitive choice, even ethical. Is this a truly courageous act? Absolutely not. Of the 3,000 Guineans living in China, no one has been repatriated to Guinea, and about 22 Guineans are living in Wuhan. In Wuhan, a whole prevention system has been put in place. At my university, which is in Hubei University, the authorities are doing everything to stop the epidemic: Access badge is necessary, temperatures are taken at the entrance, and the premises are disinfected regularly several times a day. It’s a feeling of security and solidarity that I experience staying in China, precisely in Wuhan, especially seeing the sense of responsibility among the Chinese. Being confined to the dorm doesn't mean being terrified of going out for a walk in the university yard, taking public transportation or shopping. Where I live, time passes slowly, far from media hysteria and even further from false news and crazy rumors. The most important thing is to be connected to Chinese social networks and circles of friends. It is above all practical since it is a question of staying informed on the evolution of the epidemic and the rules to be respected. I was also impressed to see that hygiene and prevention recommendations had been translated into almost all languages. But it is also fun because I discovered the hidden life of my Chinese friends: Working in pajamas at home all day, inventing cosplay days for children or exploring a deserted metro during rush hour. Crowded places like shopping malls, cinemas, parks or restaurants are obviously closed to the public, but I can't help but notice that the fast food restaurants stay open and therefore we have a chance to kill the coronavirus with soft fries before spring really sets in Wuhan. While waiting for this glorious hour, the provincial capital ensures that we do not miss anything and therefore allows us to take a step back from the epidemic. Chinese or foreigners from China, we are not paralyzed by fear of the coronavirus. We are animated by a positive attitude already turned towards the future and the many outings with friends that we will have to make up for. I love China, I love Wuhan, 我爱中国，我爱武汉。 Nankouman Keita is master's degree student in the Department of Political and Legal Sciences in Public Law, specializing in public management at Hubei University in Wuhan. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.  
WS5e43c034a3101282172770d2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43c034a3101282172770d2.html	2020-02-12	Robots work on the frontlines of novel coronavirus outbreak	Click the video to see how Chinese robots are playing their role on the frontlines against the novel coronavirus pneumonia. Developed by Shenzhen-based Pudu Tech, the autonomous delivery robot is able to deliver food and necessities to isolated patients. Hospitals from over 10 provinces, including Hubei and Zhejiang, have adopted the technology to prevent cross-infection.
WS5e43bf1ca3101282172770c1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43bf1ca3101282172770c1.html	2020-02-12	Pakistan diplomat wishes China success in novel coronavirus fight	Pakistan's Ambassador to China Naghmana Hashmi expressed her deep appreciation through a video for the hard work, commitment and efforts that have been made by the Chinese government, doctors and medics to control the novel coronavirus. "The government and people of Pakistan are standing firmly and shoulder-to-shoulder with our Chinese brothers and sisters and will continue to do so," she said. The video is provided by the Embassy of Pakistan in Beijing.
WS5e43abf9a310128217277066	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43abf9a310128217277066.html	2020-02-12	Coronavirus-infected woman gives birth to infant with no infection	None
WS5e43ab6ca31012821727705c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43ab6ca31012821727705c.html	2020-02-12	Tibet discharges only known novel coronavirus pneumonia patient	The only confirmed patient so far of novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) in Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region has recovered and was discharged a hospital on Wednesday, according to the region's health commission. The patient, surnamed Zhang, 34, is a male resident of Suizhou, Hubei province. He experienced a cough, fever and muscle weakness on Jan 25 and was admitted to the region's Third People's Hospital for isolation and treatment. Zhang was confirmed as having NCP on Jan 29. Zhang had been receiving medical treatment in the hospital for the last 18 days, and the region's health commission has been conducting many meetings to discuss treatment measures and arrangements for him during the period. According to the hospital, a team of medical experts evaluated his situation and found he had a normal body temperature for more than a week, symptoms in the respiratory tract were gone and pulmonary imaging showed a return to normal. Zhang was discharged from the hospital on Wednesday afternoon. Wang Yunting, Party chief of the region's health commission, presented him a khada – a white piece of silk representing purity and respect by Tibetans, and advised him to watch his diet, engage in physical activity and keep up his spirits. "When I learned that I was a confirmed case of the disease, I suffered great stress and was very sad," said the patient. "I want to express my sincere gratitude to all the medical staff who gave me much care, and especially, I want to say thanks to the doctors and nurses of the Tibet Third People's Hospital, and the Tibetan people."
WS5e43a6dda310128217277042	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43a6dda310128217277042.html	2020-02-12	Xi, Indonesian president discuss fight against novel coronavirus	Indonesian President Joko Widodo delivers a speech after taking his oath during his presidential inauguration for the second term, at the House of Representatives building in Jakarta, Indonesia, Oct 20, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] BEIJING -- President Xi Jinping spoke over phone with his Indonesian counterpart Joko Widodo on Tuesday night, expressing confidence in a full victory in the fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic and achieving goals of economic and social development. Xi noted that at this critical juncture when China is battling the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic, President Joko's phone conversation with him reflects Indonesia's friendship with and support to China as a comprehensive strategic partner. Xi expressed appreciation for the trust and understanding extended by Indonesian friends. China and Indonesia, both major developing countries, should join hands in shouldering the responsibilities of major countries and achieve new progress, Xi said. China is ready to continue to carry forward the traditional good-neighborly friendship with Indonesia, continue to deepen the synergy of their development strategies, and well implement key projects on the joint construction of the Belt and Road, such as the Jakarta-Bandung High-Speed Railway, to bring more benefits for the two peoples, Xi said. Xi stressed that fighting the epidemic is currently the top priority of the Chinese government. China has given full play to its system advantage, waged a people's war in epidemic prevention and control, adopted the most rigorous and thorough prevention and control measures, and achieved positive results, he said. The Chinese nation is one that has endured hardships and possesses an indomitable spirit, with ever stronger rallying power and combat capability in face of greater difficulties and challenges, Xi said. China has the capability, confidence and certainty to score an outright victory over the epidemic, and at the same time achieve goals of economic and social development, he said, expressing belief that China will attain greater prosperity after overcoming the epidemic. With its commitment to the vision of a community with a shared future for mankind, China has been safeguarding the life and health of the Chinese people, and at the same time fulfilling responsibility for the cause of global public health, Xi said. China will continue to strengthen cooperation on the prevention and control of the epidemic with Indonesia and other countries in an open and transparent manner to safeguard regional and global public health security, Xi said, stressing that China will continue to take good care of foreign nationals, including Indonesians, in China in the same way as it looks after its own citizens. A friend in need is a friend indeed, Xi stressed. Since the epidemic broke out, China's neighboring countries, including Indonesia, have provided valuable support for China in various ways, giving testimony to the fact that they as neighbors have been sharing weal and woe, sticking together through thick and thin, and helping each other in difficult times, he said. Xi expressed hope that regional countries will work hard to maintain bilateral exchanges and cooperation while taking appropriate steps in epidemic prevention and control, acting in a way that serves the common interests of both sides and countries in the region. Joko expressed sympathies to the Chinese government and people over the epidemic on behalf of the Indonesian government and people. At this difficult time when China is battling the epidemic, Joko said, Indonesia as China's sincere partner will always firmly stand by the Chinese people and work with the Chinese people to score a victory over the epidemic as soon as possible. Indonesia has provided a batch of medical supplies to China, he said, adding that the country is ready to continue to offer necessary assistance in response to the needs of the Chinese side. Indonesia is willing to work with China to continue to promote the construction of the Belt and Road, Joko said, expressing belief that the Indonesia-China friendship will be deepened and bilateral ties will be elevated to higher levels following the test of the epidemic.
WS5e43a5d5a31012821727703e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43a5d5a31012821727703e.html	2020-02-12	Xi talks with Qatari emir over phone on novel coronavirus outbreak	Emir of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani speaks during a news conference in Tehran, Iran January 12, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] BEIJING -- President Xi Jinping talked with Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani over phone on Tuesday night, expressing confidence in a full victory in the fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic. Xi said that at this critical juncture when China is battling the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic, Qatar has repeatedly expressed its support for China and opened the Qatari airline network to facilitate China's transportation of anti-epidemic materials, to which China would like to express gratitude and appreciation. The Chinese people are deeply moved by the true friendship that has stood the test in difficult times, Xi said. The Chinese side attaches great importance to the development of China-Qatar relations and stands ready to make joint efforts with Qatar to continue to support each other on issues concerning each other's core interests and major concerns and push bilateral ties to higher levels, Xi said. Since the outbreak of the epidemic, China has mobilized the whole country to deal with it with full strength, adopted the most thorough and rigorous prevention and control measures and waged a people's war on the epidemic, Xi stressed, noting that positive progress is now being achieved through the prevention and control measures. Thanks to China's system advantage featuring the Chinese people's unity as one and the tackling of major issues by pooling strength, as well as a strong material and technical basis, and rich practical experiences, China has full confidence, capability and certainty to win the battle against the epidemic, Xi said. China has been safeguarding the Chinese people's life and health, and at the same time making active contribution to global public health security, Xi stressed. It is China's rigorous prevention and control measures which have prevented a large-scale global spread of the virus, he said. Xi expressed hope that countries will keep abreast of and follow the guidelines of the World Health Organization (WHO) on travel and health. China is willing to maintain close coordination with Qatar, provide updates on the latest situation of the epidemic in a timely manner, ensure the life and health of the Qatari nationals in China so as to safeguard the health and safety of the people of both countries in a concrete manner, Xi said. Emir Sheikh Tamim, on behalf of the Qatari government and people, expressed firm support to the Chinese government and people's fight against the epidemic, and extended condolences to the deceased in the epidemic and sympathies to their families, while wishing the patients a quick recovery. Qatar spoke highly of China's strong measures, he said, noting that he is fully confident that China has the capability and certainty to win the battle against the epidemic as soon as possible, and overcome the immediate difficulties. He wished China success in this regard. The Chinese people are Qatar's good friends and Qatar will always stand firmly by the Chinese people, he stressed. Qatar will strictly follow the WHO's advices, the Qatari emir said, noting he will order Qatar's health institutions to strengthen cooperation with the Chinese side. Qatar is ready to provide assistance at any time in response to the needs of the Chinese side, he said. Qatar is expecting to work together with China to push forward bilateral ties for more progress, he added.
WS5e439fc0a31012821727702d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e439fc0a31012821727702d.html	2020-02-12	Youngest novel coronavirus pneumonia patient cured, discharged from Hainan hospital	Three-month-old Tiantian, the youngest victim of novel coronavirus pneumonia, has been cured and was discharged from Haikou People's Hospital in Haikou, capital Hainan province, on Tuesday. The baby girl was the first discharged case among confirmed child patients and the youngest NCP patient in Hainan so far, according to Hainan health authorities. The baby, whose real name is not Tiantian, is the seventh confirmed case in Hainan. She lives in Xiaogan, Hubei province. Tiantian came to Wuhan from Xiaogan with her family on Jan 20, and left for Hengshan, Hunan on Jan 21. The family were sent to a local medical observation center when they arrived in Haikou at 11 pm on Jan 25. The baby was sent to Haikou People's Hospital at 10 am on Jan 26, and was confirmed as a novel coronavirus pneumonia case the next day. As of 8 am on Wednesday, Hainan had reported a total of 151 confirmed NCP cases and 20 have been cured and discharged, according to provincial health authorities.
WS5e43968ca310128217276ff3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43968ca310128217276ff3.html	2020-02-12	Expat helps combat novel coronavirus in Zhejiang community	An expat has recently become famous in Deqing county, Zhejiang province, after volunteering as a community worker to support local efforts to combat the novel coronavirus pneumonia. Christian Klein of Vienna, Austria, together with his Chinese wife Wu Haiyin, are residents of the Xi'an Community in Xin'an town, Deqing. They volunteered to help in the local fight against the infection. On Monday, they started to help check pass permits and take temperatures of residents at an intersection in Xin'an. Klein has been in China for three years. He is currently a technical counselor at a logistics company in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. Since the outbreak, officials at the Austrian embassy in China have contacted Klein several times asking him to return home. However, Klein declined and insisted on staying in China. "I live and work in China, and my wife is Chinese. I consider myself half Chinese," he said, "I believe in the Chinese government. China is going to make it." His wife, Wu, said Klein previously asked her whether he could travel to Wuhan and offer community services there. His wife discouraged the notion. "We can offer little help there in Wuhan if we don't have sufficient medical expertise. But we still can contribute in our hometown," she said. In addition to serving at the intersection, Klein also joined other volunteers in making Chinese dumplings. He won recognition from other volunteers for his dedication.
WS5e4393fca310128217276fd2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4393fca310128217276fd2.html	2020-02-12	Formerly infected doctors prepare to jump back into coronavirus fight	Since early January, Hu Sheng has been at the heart of the battle against the new coronavirus infecting thousands in the Central Chinese city of Wuhan. In recent days, however, the 39-year-old doctor has been focusing on just one patient: himself. The respiratory disease specialist's first encounter with the outbreak came on Jan 8. His employer, the Third People's Hospital of Hubei Province, reassigned Hu to the outpatient department to help colleagues deal with a sudden surge in fever and pneumonia cases. The hospital is located just 7 kilometers from the South China Seafood Wholesale Market, where many of the first coronavirus cases were thought to have emerged in December. Hu said doctors in the outpatient department were working 24-hour shifts, dealing with up to 100 patients each day. Around 60 percent of the patients had pneumonia. The physician took all the usual protective measures, wearing a mask at all times while seeing patients. Yet after two weeks, he began to feel fatigued and developed a cough. At first, Hu thought his intense workload was taking a toll on his health. But he decided to go for a CT scan anyway. Fifteen medical workers had been diagnosed with the novel coronavirus on Jan 21, and health experts confirmed the disease was capable of human-to-human transmission. "I have a three-year-old child, and my parents are old. I had to be cautious, because I'd been working in an extremely dangerous environment," Hu told Sixth Tone. Hu underwent a virus test on Jan 24. That evening, he was due to meet his family for a traditional Lunar New Year's Eve dinner. But he canceled his plans as soon as he saw the results: pneumonia. In late January, as more doctors became sick, Wuhan's hospitals ramped up protection measures and medical staff began wearing hazmat-style protective uniforms, masks, goggles and face shields. Hu said he is feeling much better after more than a week's rest at home. "I've regained most of my vitality," he told Sixth Tone. "I'm exercising a bit more each day to get ready for when I go back to work." Hu has been living apart from his wife and child since being reassigned to the outpatient department, and his family remains healthy. But his wife, a doctor at a community hospital, is still working on the front lines, dealing with fever patients on a daily basis. "She still lives with our young child," Hu said. "I've repeatedly told her to pay attention to every detail of protection at work, but I'm still deeply concerned about their health." Ye Liwen, 27, was transferred to the fever clinic at the Third People's Hospital on Jan 4. She didn't tell her parents what she would be doing in her new position. "I didn't want to worry them too much," she said. Her team had some five physicians on duty at a time, but the staff was constantly changing as doctors recuperated from illness and long shifts. Anxiety on wards is dissipating, as staff members who had contracted the virus early on have recovered and returned to work, Ye said. "From feeling a lot of panic at the beginning, I think the general atmosphere at the fever clinic is calming down," Ye said. "We understand more and more about the virus … (and) this gives us a sense of security." (This an excerpt of an article published on Sixth Tone, an online magazine owned by the Shanghai United Media Group)
WS5e436d9ba310128217276f77	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e436d9ba310128217276f77.html	2020-02-12	Xi: Nation can win battle against novel coronavirus	None
WS5e436bb2a310128217276f62	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e436bb2a310128217276f62.html	2020-02-12	Coronavirus outbreak won't shake China's economic fundamentals	  Staff members work at a workshop of Skyworth in Guangzhou, south China's Guangdong Province, Feb. 10, 2020. Chinese authorities are carefully balancing efforts to control the novel coronavirus epidemic and minimize its impact on the economy as millions of people head back to work Monday after an extended holiday. (Xinhua/Deng Hua)   The Chinese economy is bigger, more resilient in capacity, and more reasonable in structure. President Xi Jinping's comments on the Chinese economy have boosted confidence that the world's second-largest economy will come through the novel coronavirus epidemic with great resilience, potential and leeway. Xi said the fundamentals of China's long-term economic development remain unchanged and the epidemic's impact on the economy is short-lived, during an inspection tour of the epidemic prevention and control work in Beijing on Monday. He made the comments as China's economy comes under pressure from factories suspending production and reduced consumer spending amid the country's quarantine measures in the battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak. The epidemic and relevant quarantine measures are believed to have a negative impact on the Chinese economy to some extent. But now the Chinese economy is bigger, more resilient in capacity, and more reasonable in structure. China's GDP was less than 14 trillion yuan (around 2.03 trillion U.S. dollars) in 2003 when SARS broke out. Now, it is nearly 100 trillion yuan. The large increase creates more capacity for China to buffer external and internal shocks. The economy used to be driven by manufacturing and exports. Now, although they produce a substantial portion of the country's GDP, the service economy and digital economy are playing more prominent roles, especially in hedging economic risks and uncertainty amid the epidemic. After the epidemic is brought under control, retail and consumption activities are expected to heat up and make up for the losses incurred during the quarantine period. The sound fundamentals of the Chinese economy are unshakable amid the epidemic. But that should not be the excuse for optimism without caution. During his Monday tour, Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, called for greater efforts to minimize the impact of the epidemic on the economy and strive to achieve this year's economic and social development goals and tasks. Supportive measures have been taken. The central bank has added a total of 1.7 trillion yuan into the banking system to boost liquidity and stabilize financial markets. The central authority rolled out a favorable policy for small and micro-sized businesses, with supplies of power and raw materials, logistic services, and financial assistance put into place to help them resume production soon. Small-and-micro-sized companies are significant contributors to the Chinese economy, providing around 80 percent of employment, over 60 percent of GDP, and more than half of the tax revenue. Swift and targeted supportive policies should help avert widespread bankruptcies and large-scale layoffs, which are detrimental to Chinese society. A batch of companies has carefully resumed work, and more will do so in the coming days. Social and economic operations are awakening from their time off due to the epidemic. Confidence should be restored that the coronavirus outbreak will leave the Chinese economy unscathed in the long-run.
WS5e4367c2a310128217276f53	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4367c2a310128217276f53.html	2020-02-12	Latest numbers on coronavirus outbreak	Discharged patients walk out of Wuchang Fang Cang makeshift hospital in Central China's Hubei province on Feb 11, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] Confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland rose by 2,015 on Tuesday to reach a total of 38,800, the National Health Commission announced on Wednesday morning. The commission reported 97 new deaths on Tuesday, bringing the total to 1,113 on the Chinese mainland. Another 3,342 new suspected cases were reported on Tuesday, while 744 people were discharged from hospital after recovery, bringing the total numbers to 16,067 and 4,740 respectively. There are 8,204 patients still with severe symptoms, it said. A total of 451,462 close contacts have been traced, and 185,037 of them are still under medical observation. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have reported a total of 77 confirmed cases as of Tuesday, with one death in Hong Kong, according to the commission. A total of 1,638 new cases of the novel coronavirus were reported in Hubei on Tuesday, the first day with fewer than 2,000 cases reported since Feb 2, according to the Hubei Provincial Health Commission. The commission said on Wednesday the total number of infection cases in the province reached 33,366 as of Tuesday at midnight, of which 19,558 were in its capital Wuhan. The death toll from the novel coronavirus has topped 1,068 in Hubei province, center of the epidemic outbreak, which includes 820 deaths in Wuhan. Ninety-four deaths were newly reported on Tuesday. By Tuesday, 2,639 people have been discharged from hospital, while 26,121 people were still hospitalized. Of these, 5,724 cases are in severe condition. A total of 152,251 potential infected have been traced in the province. Among them, 77,159 are still under medical observation.
WS5e4360fba310128217276ea6	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4360fba310128217276ea6.html	2020-02-12	New coronavirus may do more damage to economies than SARS, experts say	A panoramic view of the financial area in Hong Kong. [Photo/Xinhua] The novel coronavirus now rampaging across China could be much more damaging to regional economies than the similar SARS was in 2003, experts warned on Tuesday. And Hong Kong stands as one of the regions that the epidemic could have a chilling effect on, they said. "China's economy will brace for a painful blow, much worse that what it suffered during SARS," said Wang Tao, chief economist at UBS Investment Bank, in a teleconference on Tuesday. The research house lowered its whole-year growth forecast for the Chinese economy to 5.4 percent, down from 6 percent. The forecast, however, is based on a "highly dubious" assumption that the new coronavirus will peak by the end of March, and production activities will gradually normalize in the second quarter. "The scale of the impact will ultimately be determined by how the virus spreads and evolves and how effective the supportive policies could be, which is almost impossible to predict," Wang said. "The real GDP growth is likely to be even worse, as many companies still face uncertain prospects of restarting business in the coming months." What makes the outbreak much more dangerous is the dramatic changes that have taken place since 2003 both inside and outside China. At home, the once-highflying property market remains on pace to cool down; manufacturing businesses are stuck in low gear; and the domestic economy has been hampered by the trade dispute with the United States, Wang said. Externally, China's economy now makes up 16 percent of world GDP, while back in 2003 it accounted for only about 4 percent of global output. In addition, globalization since 2003 has encouraged companies to build supply chains that cut across national borders, making economies much more interconnected. Wang said he believes that Hong Kong, together with Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and South Korea, stand to feel the ripple effect from the outbreak. One of the major channels that send a chill through the neighboring areas is tourism. "Since 2003, regional small and open economies such as Hong Kong, Thailand, South Korea and Taiwan have received more tourists from the Chinese mainland, who now account for almost 80 percent of total visitor arrivals to Hong Kong, and 30 percent to Thailand and South Korea," said Aidan Yao, senior emerging Asia economist at AXA Investment Managers. Hong Kong's fragile economy, which has already been weighed down by the double whammy of the Sino-US trade battles and months-long violent protests in the city, could brace for a negative growth of 1.8 percent for the whole year in the aftermath of a negative growth of 6 percent over the first quarter, Wang said. "Although there is scope for policy response when there is a need, the policy space is generally more limited now than in 2003. At a time when Asia is already struggling to recover from the soft patch last year, a vicious epidemic could be the last straw that tips the economies into a more pernicious downturn in 2020," Yao warned.
WS5e4360dba310128217276ea2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4360dba310128217276ea2.html	2020-02-12	Are Chinese more vulnerable to novel coronavirus?	A rural doctor checks the body temperature of a villager in Dananshan village in Luzhou, Sichuan province, on Monday. HE HAIYANG/FOR CHINA DAILY At a Feb 7 news conference held by the White House response team for the novel coronavirus outbreak, a journalist asked, "Are Chinese more likely to be infected by the novel coronavirus pneumonia?" Anthony S. Fauci, director doctor of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the United States National Institutes of Health, said most cases of the novel coronavirus have indeed been found in China, but there haven't been any findings about which groups are more vulnerable. He said that after reviewing the infection history of respiratory viruses, there has never been evidence showing Asian ethnic groups are more vulnerable to the novel coronavirus.
WS5e437ce3a310128217276fa2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e437ce3a310128217276fa2.html	2020-02-12	Infographic of novel coronavirus outbreak in China	Editor's note: A novel coronavirus that broke out in the central Chinese city of Wuhan is spreading across the country and beyond. Here is the latest statistics of the epidemic.
WS5e435c8ea310128217276e61	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e435c8ea310128217276e61.html	2020-02-12	Chinese communities in New Zealand rally to help motherland fight novel coronavirus	The Chinese community in New Zealand is rallying to help fight against the novel coronavirus in China, community leaders told Xinhua on Tuesday. With tens of thousands of New Zealand dollars raised, medical suppliers such as face masks, gloves and decontamination suits ready to be sent to frontline hospitals and volunteers gathering to help those affected by the outbreak, the Chinese community in New Zealand is rallying to help motherland fight against the novel coronavirus. Rao Jinsheng, president of New Zealand Chinese Culture and Arts Exchange Centre, told Xinhua on Tuesday that they have packed ready 2,400 medical-standard masks, 8,000 general-standard masks, 450 medical goggles and 1,000 protective suits. These medical supplies donated by New Zealand Chinese Culture and Arts Exchange Centre and New Zealand Culture and Art Foundation will be sent to frontline hospitals in central China's Hubei Province, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, as soon as possible. "The novel coronavirus outbreak concerns every overseas Chinese. We are working in our way to help fight the virus. Together, we will win this fight," said Rao. Rao is not alone. Many other overseas Chinese in New Zealand are doing the same thing. Chen Zhi, vice chairman of Chao Shan General Association of New Zealand, said the association has already raised more than 70,000 New Zealand dollars (about 44,737 U.S. dollars) and 34,000 Chinese yuan (about 4,873 dollars). With the funding, they have purchased N95 medical-standard masks, disposable masks and protective suits in New Zealand. "5,280 N95 masks, 100,000 disposable masks along with a batch of hand soap have already been airlifted to hospitals in China for use," said Chen. Efforts are also being made to help Chinese students who have recently arrived in New Zealand. As they need to be quarantined for up to two weeks, the association is offering free meals and other assistance to those in need. "We are grateful to our community members who donated their money and time in fighting against the virus outbreak. Solidarity among New Zealand Chinese is essential in our joint effort to help our motherland," said Chen. Besides the Chinese communities, New Zealand people have also provided support for China. Milk New Zealand Diary Ltd donated 2,000 cases of dairy products and 1,000 cases of natural spring water to the Chinese medical personnel battling the novel coronavirus. New Zealand farmers hope the Chinese people can win the fight against the epidemic, the company said. Across New Zealand, online fundraising pages, medical supplies donation campaigns, and even art auctions are being staged by the Chinese communities to give their support in every possible way. Zong Yuan, director of Ai (Auckland International) Gallery, organized the "Art against virus; Love without boundaries" online art show and auction in New Zealand to call for support for the anti-virus fight. "Art is what you could encourage people and promote people's confidence and pursuit for a better life. It reinforces the fact that New Zealand Chinese are standing alongside our brothers and sisters back in China in the fight," said Zong.
WS5e434ee8a310128217276d50	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e434ee8a310128217276d50.html	2020-02-12	Coronavirus decimates Asia's calendar	The chaos in China's sporting program caused by the deadly coronavirus outbreak, which has already forced China to cancel or reschedule a host of events, is spreading into Asia's sporting calendar. On Monday, golf's LPGA Tour canceled the HSBC Women's World Champions and the LPGA Thailand. Here is the latest rundown of Asian sporting spectacles affected by the outbreak: Golf This month's HSBC Women's World Championship in Singapore and the LPGA Thailand were canceled on Monday, meaning the LPGA Tour has been forced to scrap all three of its lucrative early-season events in Asia after China's Blue Bay tournament was canned 10 days ago. The women's Asia Pacific Amateur Championship in Thailand next week has also fallen while the PGA Tour Series-China has been forced to move qualifying events to Indonesia and Thailand. No decision has been made yet by the men's European Tour as to whether its flagship China Open in April will go ahead in Shenzhen, Guangdong province. The Hong Kong Women's Open, originally scheduled for next month, has been shifted to May. Soccer China has suspended all domestic soccer and postponed indefinitely the top-flight Chinese Super League season which was due to kick off on Feb 22. The virus has had a big impact on Asia's continental competitions, with four Chinese clubs' home group matches in the AFC Champions League, which begins this week, postponed until at least April and May. No decision has been made yet on Asia's World Cup qualifying matches next month. China is due to host the Maldives on March 26 and plays in Guam five days later. A women's Olympic qualifying mini-tournament involving China, Chinese Taipei, Thailand and Australia scheduled for last week in Wuhan, Hubei province－the virus epicenter－was moved initially to Nanjing then to Sydney. The China women's soccer team was quarantined in a Brisbane hotel for almost two weeks after arriving in Australia for its Group B matches but has been given the all-clear to play, and the delayed tournament will wrap up on Thursday. Athletics The World Indoor Championships, scheduled for Nanjing from March 13-15, were postponed for a year. The Hong Kong Marathon, which was due to take place last weekend, was canceled. Motorsports The Chinese Formula E Grand Prix, due to take place in Sanya on the southern island of Hainan on March 21, was called off "after close consultation" with government authorities. The Chinese Formula One Grand Prix, in Shanghai on April 19, and the inaugural Vietnamese Grand Prix in Hanoi on April 5 are also at risk, with world governing body the FIA saying it is "monitoring the evolving situation". Boxing A qualification event for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics initially scheduled from Feb 3-14 in Wuhan was rescheduled for Amman in Jordan from March 3-11. Basketball Last week's women's Olympic qualifying tournament, a four-team battle for three Tokyo places between China, Britain, Spain and South Korea was moved from Foshan, Guangdong province, to Belgrade, Serbia. The Chinese Basketball Association has postponed the second half of its top-flight CBA league, which had been due to start on Feb 1. Cycling The Tour of Hainan from Feb 23 to March 1－a second-tier ProSeries race－was canceled by the International Cycling Union, which said the event could be rescheduled later in 2020. Tennis The Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Group I event involving China, Chinese Taipei, Indonesia, South Korea and Uzbekistan in Dongguan, Guangdong province, was postponed at the weekend and will now be played in Dubai from March 3-7. Skiing This month's men's World Cup races in Beijing's Yanqing district, the first test events for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, were canceled and shifted to Saalbach-Hinterglemm in Austria on Feb 13 and 14. Aquatics The Chinese leg of the Diving World Series, scheduled for March 7-9 in Beijing, was canceled. Snooker The China Open in Beijing, set for March 30-April 5, has been canceled. Badminton The China Masters tournament from Feb 25 to March 1 has been shelved, the Badminton World Federation (BWF) announced after several players withdrew. The BWF indicated that the Asia Championships in Wuhan from April 21-26 are likely to follow suit. Rugby Sevens The Hong Kong Sevens, the showpiece of the World Rugby Sevens Series, is due to take place in the city bordering the Chinese mainland from April 3-5. A cancelation would mean 2020 would be the first year since its inauguration in 1976 that the famous event, which played on during the deadly 2003 SARS outbreak, has not been contested. AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE
WS5e4344fba310a2fabb7a214e	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4344fba310a2fabb7a214e.html	2020-02-12	Political riots morphed into a medical strike as coronavirus spreads	The strike called by the Hospital Authority Employees Alliance is not a clinical strike to safeguard Hong Kong from the novel coronavirus, but a political movement that morphed from the seven months of riots and protests. As front-line medical staff battle throughout the day and night to take control of the virus, the newly formed alliance is hellbent on tearing them away from treating patients for its own political gains. Hong Kong is the only place in the world where doctors and nurses walked off the job in the middle of a major virus outbreak. The alliance has pulled out about 5,000 medical employees a day to demand that all border crossings be closed to curtail the spread of the virus. The SAR government conceded that most of the border crossings could be closed, but Shenzhen Bay Port and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge crossing remain open for the shipment of vital food supplies and other commodities. Any person making the crossing will be compulsorily quarantined for 14 days, but truck drivers are exempted as long as they stay in their vehicles. The alliance is a shady organization, revealing little about its background and lacking transparency in its day-to-day operations. But by sheer coincidence, it was formed at about the same time as the novel coronavirus was announced in Wuhan in late December. It is not a registered company, but is a member of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions. It has a website carried by Telegram, but communication with its 18,000 members is via messaging platforms of the Civil Human Rights Front as well as by Telegram. Most information about the alliance can be found on the cross-sectoral resistance preparatory group, staff union channel 2. But its objective appears to be more disruptive than curative, and the strategy is the same as that of the radical rioters and protesters. The latters' slogans of "Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our times" and "Meet our five demands" are seen among the placards carried by the striking medical staff. Key players behind the alliance are two sacked flight attendants and a student leader. The former flight attendants are Carol Ng, a former cabin crew staffer with Cathay Pacific and secretary-general of the Hong Kong Cabin Crew Federation, which led the 2016 protest against then-chief executive Leung Chun-ying over his daughter's handbag incident at the airport; and Rebecca Sy On-na, former chairwoman of the Dragon Airlines Attendants Association. Also in the support group is Ivan Law, vice-chairman of the alliance and former student leader of the Hong Kong Federation of Students. The chairwoman of the alliance is Winnie Yu Wai-ming, a first-level executive officer at the Hospital Authority's head office in Argyle Street. Most of them have no medical experience at all. The group started talking among themselves in mid-November about the riots, the Polytechnic University standoff, "police brutality", etc. When the first outbreak of the virus was announced in late December, the alliance sprang into action and called on its members to be prepared. The first virus case in Hong Kong was reported on Jan 15. This was followed by the government and Hospital Authority's frantic efforts in putting its emergency response protocol in place to handle a potential local outbreak. Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor immediately set up a steering committee and control post and initiated a high-powered advisory panel of world-renowned experts to give direct advice. She also adopted a number of border control measures; the latest included the closure of all crossings, except for Shenzhen Bay Port, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and the airport. Lam has also earmarked HK$10 billion ($1.3 billion) as a relief fund to provide resources needed to fight the virus. Hong Kong has been in panic mode, scared by the strike action taken by the medical staff. Virtually overnight, surgical masks were sold out and supermarkets cleared of certain daily necessities. The local populace was worried by the demands of the strikers to totally close all border crossings, thus cutting off the supply chain that Hong Kong relies on. On day one of its strike action, the alliance demanded that all entry points be closed to stop the spread of the virus. It also demanded to speak with the chief executive. She refused, possibly on the grounds that its demands amounted to an ultimatum and therefore there are no grounds for discussion or negotiation - the same tactic used by the rioters and protesters. However, the strike action left the hospitals short of about 5,000 employees who were needed at their posts. The Hospital Authority said services that were affected to a more-serious extent during the strike included the neonatal intensive care unit, high dependency unit, cardiothoracic surgery, isolation ward and emergency medicine wards in various public hospitals. The Hospital Authority's director for cluster services, Deacons Yeung Tai-kong, said more than 60 private doctors have offered to work at public hospitals as thousands of public healthcare workers proceeded with a strike. Despite help from private doctors, the shortfall in manpower is still serious. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.
WS5e4342dda310128217276ce1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4342dda310128217276ce1.html	2020-02-12	Indoor exercise boom amid efforts to curb novel coronavirus outbreak	Fan Dongquan, a fitness coach with Jinan Hot Blood Fitness Studio in East China's Shandong province, conducted a free 90-minute fitness course online late last month. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus has kept millions of Chinese like Fan from partaking in outdoor activities since late January, so indoor exercise has become an important way to keep healthy. The Chinese sports community, from individuals like Fan to the sports authorities at all levels, have been actively promoting indoor exercise to fight against the epidemic. China's General Administration of Sport has called upon sports departments at all levels to promote simple and scientific exercises at home and further fitness knowledge, and advocate a healthy lifestyle via various media during the epidemic. "I believe that regular physical exercise can protect against illness, especially in a time such as this," says Fan. The fitness coach adds that the number of participants viewing his courses have increased to more than 300. In fact, sports departments around the country have already released a series of indoor exercise programs with accompanying texts, pictures and videos. For example, the Beijing Municipal Sports Bureau released a complete set of at-home workouts, including stretching and strength training, on Jan 29. Rizhao Municipal Sports Bureau of Shandong province has also released instructions for tai chi and yoga. Meanwhile, they invited local social sports instructors to demonstrate the methods on video, so that citizens can follow the experts to learn how to work out at home. Sports bureaus in Qingdao and Yantai of Shandong province also released the health-promoting ancient Chinese exercise, baduanjin, with detailed instructions on their WeChat platforms. Baduanjin, literally meaning "eight-section brocade", is one of the most common forms of Chinese qigong exercise. Beijing Sport University recently issued a video of baduanjin via their WeChat account and had more than 100,000 comments. The Chinese Health Qigong Association released a combination of Chinese exercises on WeChat. Qigong, a Chinese system of prescribed physical exercises or movements performed in a meditative state, is free of restrictions such as venue and equipment. The State Council, China's cabinet, issued a new Healthy China guideline in July 2019, which promised support for fitness programs with Chinese characteristics, including tai chi and qigong, which channels the body's inner energy to achieve physical and mental harmony. Cui Yongsheng, a staff member at the Health Qigong Management Center of the General Administration of Sport, notes that practicing qigong will play a positive role in the fight against the epidemic. "In the future, we will make more efforts to promote qigong, so that more people can benefit from it," says Cui.
WS5e4333a5a310128217276ca8	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4333a5a310128217276ca8.html	2020-02-12	Institutional advantages instill confidence that fight against coronavirus will be won	Some Western epidemic experts' remarks in the wake of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus have provided some food for thought, as they said to some extent it is good that the virus has appeared in China, not in any other country, because China has a unique system that can help it effectively control the epidemic. They are right in that regard, but even as China has efficiently used the advantages of its system to the full in the fight against the virus, it is by no means a good thing that the outbreak has occurred, for itself, or the world. As of Tuesday afternoon, the virus had infected 42,717 people in China, and killed 1,017 of them, among which 31,728 of the infections and 974 of the deaths have been in Hubei province, which has been at the heart of the outbreak. These numbers have already been hard-earned results, as not only have 13 cities in Hubei, home to nearly 50 million people, been locked down, but also the rest of the nation has come to a virtual standstill for nearly one month as the central authorities seek to cut the transmission of the virus. To help those infected in the province, about 12,000 doctors and nurses, including military medical personnel, from the rest of the country have been sent to Hubei to swell the ranks of those combating the epidemic on the front line, where two large field hospitals have been built within 10 days from scratch, and workshops producing medical care materials are running at full speed to support the "war of the people". It is the resolute leadership of the Communist Party of China that has activated the mobilization of these forces in this life-and-death struggle and targeted the virus in Hubei to prevent it rampaging throughout the nation and beyond. Thanks to the central authorities' swift and decisive response when it was clear a new virus had emerged, China was not only able to isolate the virus, sequence the genome and share it with the World Health Organization and the world in record time, it was also able to implement the unprecedented quarantine measures aimed at containing the outbreak in Hubei. To more effectively provide assistance to the affected cities in Hubei, the central authorities on Friday instructed 16 provincial-level regions to assist the anti-epidemic fight in the 13 locked down cities and three others on a one-to-one basis, a mechanism that proved effective in relief and restoration work after the 2008 Wenchuan Earthquake. No wonder WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus and world leaders have hailed the speed and scale of China's response to the outbreak. Hopefully, the advantages of its system which have so remarkably been demonstrated will start to increasingly show the desired results. Rather than trying to portray China's system as a weakness that allowed the outbreak to happen, the world should recognize that it is the strengths of its system that have enabled the remarkable response to the virus. They should not take China's system as a reason to desert the fight.
WS5e43097da310128217276c8d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43097da310128217276c8d.html	2020-02-12	Researcher clarifies reported 24-day incubation period for coronavirus	A novel coronavirus patient gives a thumbsup to doctors at a hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Monday. [CHEN JING/XINHUA] Only one patient infected with the new strain of the coronavirus was found to have an incubation period of as much as 24 days, a scientist said Tuesday. The time between initial exposure and development of the first symptoms of the illness is based on the patient’s account of the illness. Zhong Nanshan, a prominent scientist who is leading a government-appointed panel of experts to help control the coronavirus outbreak, said caution is needed because there’s not enough evidence to regard 24 days as the longest incubation period for the novel coronavirus, Xinhua reported. Zhong Nanshan, a prominent scientist who is leading a government-appointed panel of experts to help control the coronavirus outbreak, takes an interview with Xinhua News Agency in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong province on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The median incubation period is three days, less than the estimated 5.2 days, according to the research conducted by Zhong and his team, whose findings were published on Sunday on medRxiv, the free online archive and distribution server for complete but unpublished medical papers. The research is based on a sample of 1,099 coronavirus patients selected from 552 hospitals throughout China. The median age of the patients is 47. Zhong stressed that only one patient reported a 24-day incubation period. More research and comments from other doctors is needed. “The information in the paper should not be overinterpreted,” Zhong said.
WS5e42e1b1a310128217276c6f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e42e1b1a310128217276c6f.html	2020-02-12	WHO begins two-day coronavirus meeting of experts	The World Health Organization began a two-day meeting on Tuesday aimed at finding solutions to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. More than 400 experts and national authorities gathered in Geneva to discuss rising concern about the virus. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus called the outbreak "a very grave threat for the rest of the world".
WS5e42d010a310128217276c57	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e42d010a310128217276c57.html	2020-02-12	EU to provide China with equipment for coronavirus fight	The European Union said on Monday that it will provide equipment to China in fighting the novel coronavirus. According to the World Health Organization, the world is facing a shortage of masks, gloves, gowns and other protective equipment.
WS5e4349e9a310a2fabb7a2174	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e4349e9a310a2fabb7a2174.html	2020-02-12	Coca-Cola executive organizes donations in US for coronavirus fight	When Curt Ferguson, Coca-Cola's president of Greater China and Korea, left Shanghai for the US about 10 days ago, he gave his last two face masks to his driver at the airport. Face masks have become a precious gift in China since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus pneumonia. Ferguson has realized that, and he hopes he can help send more masks and other protective gear to Chinese people. In a warehouse in San Leandro, California, 1.8 million surgical masks and 80,000 disposable isolation gowns, worth $780,000, are ready to be shipped to China, thanks to MedShare, an Atlanta, Georgia-based humanitarian aid organization with the support of Coca-Cola and UPS. Ferguson helped organize a donation event in the warehouse on Monday, where executives of MedShare and UPS as well as volunteers and community members came together to show solidarity with Chinese people. Messages reading "Everything will be OK" and "I'll be there for you" in Chinese and English were attached on the boxes of the supplies. "I think the (Chinese) government's fighting it and everybody's resolved to fight this thing," Ferguson said. "I think the social media helps a lot in China, because people know enough to protect themselves and isolate themselves. If nobody goes out now without a mask and taking precautions, I think that's going to help immensely." Having lived in Shanghai for four years, Ferguson said it's "amazing that the supply chain has held up really well, with everybody still delivering". But the "one critical need" right now is face masks and protective equipment, he said. Despite factories in China working around the clock to meet the growing demand for medical masks, the country is still in dire need of masks. The World Health Organization even warned of a global "chronic shortage" of personal protective equipment. "One of the things we learn is that you can't wait. You have to have these products ready and all the time," said Charles Redding, MedShare's CEO and president. This latest relief effort of Med-Share is made possible with a $500,000 grant from the Coca-Cola Foundation and free air and ground transportation by UPS. The shipment of supplies is expected to arrive on Friday in Shanghai, where they will be delivered to both Shanghai and Hubei province. MedShare is working with the Shanghai Soong Ching Ling Foundation and Shanghai Charity Foundation to distribute the supplies in Shanghai. The supplies for Hubei province will be distributed through the organization's partners at Project Hope, an international health care organization in Maryland. "We recognize that the Chinese are doing all they can to help fight this disease, but we also recognize that they can't do it alone," said Redding. "It's got to take a lot of great people coming together to help with this issue." liazhu@chinadailyusa.com  
WS5e434ed1a310a2fabb7a2198	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e434ed1a310a2fabb7a2198.html	2020-02-12	'Editing' in the time of coronavirus	Editor's note: In this new column starting today, we'd like to share stories and experiences of expats on how they are dealing with the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak. In home quarantine now, having arrived in India just before Spring Festival and subject to the 28-day mandatory period, my job as a China Daily editor continues－albeit in ways I never envisaged before. I have become a fact checker for messages asking my opinion－most of them fake news, and some so gruesome that they should have come with warnings. However, other messages include glowing tributes to the doctors, nurses and other medical staff at the front line in what has been described as a "war". Ever since late January, Indians have watched in anguish and awe as China pulled out all stops to battle the deadly novel coronavirus pneumonia raging in Central China. Anguish was about the fate of hundreds of students and corporate staff in Wuhan, Hubei province, as depressing news about NCP spread. This was soon relieved as two Indian planes evacuated more than 600 people from the epicenter of the outbreak. Indian officials, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, have been effusive in their praise for Chinese officials who helped facilitate the evacuation. Modi expressed solidarity with President Xi Jinping and the people of China over the outbreak of NCP, and offered condolences at the loss of lives, Indian media reported on Sunday. Awe was in the form of photographs being widely circulated of the two hospitals built in a matter of days in Wuhan. Many Indians, so used to hearing about "China speed "and admiring and envious of the country's infrastructure, could only mutter, "Only in China". There is also great sympathy for people forced to stay home as videos of empty streets and public transport facilities do the rounds. Along with commiseration, there was consternation and confusion, too, among Indian businesses with extensive links to China. One friend, who visits Guangdong almost every month, recently started a home-automation business with equipment sourced from the province. He is not sure when his next shipment will come. Another, who imports hundreds of thousands of TV set-top boxes, also from Guangdong, is worried about the supply chain. More critically, supplies of drug ingredients for Indian pharmaceutical manufacturers, mostly antibiotics and vitamin makers, are likely to be disrupted, Indian media reported. Indian drug manufacturers are to a large extent dependent on China for sourcing their drug ingredients, or active pharmaceutical ingredients, mainly for antibiotics and vitamins. They are based on drug ingredients made using the fermentation-based process, an area where China has global dominance. Amid all this was the uplifting story widely reported in Indian media of a wedding between Wang Jihao from Beijing and Satyarth Mishra in the central Indian town of Mandsaur, 4,500 kilometers from her home, on Feb 2. They met in Beijing, where he was studying. The couple were in India before the virus outbreak. Meanwhile, I continue my "editing" at home. ravi@chinadaily.com.cn  
WS5e43badda310128217277098	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/12/WS5e43badda310128217277098.html	2020-02-12	WHO Names Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia as COVID-19	WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus announced in Geneva on 11 February that the novel coronavirus pneumonia has a new name: COVID-19. At a media briefing at the WHO headquarters, he said that "We now have a name for the disease: COVID-19", short for the coronavirus disease that started in 2019. He explained that "under agreed guidelines between WHO, the World Organisation for Animal Health and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, we had to find a name that did not refer to a geographical location, an animal, an individual or group of people, and which is also pronounceable and related to the disease". He stressed that "having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing. It also gives us a standard format to use for any future coronavirus outbreaks".  
WS5e42c999a310128217276c51	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e42c999a310128217276c51.html	2020-02-11	Novel coronavirus named COVID-19 by WHO	[Photo/Agencies] The novel coronavirus disease has been named COVID-19 by the director general of the World Health Organization. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the name was decided that "did not refer to a geographical location, an animal, an individual or group of people, and which is also pronounceable and related to the disease". He added: "Having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing. It also gives us a standard format to use for any future coronavirus outbreaks." Before the Tuesday announcement, the virus has been referred to as 2019-nCoV. At a news conference on Saturday, China's National Health Commission gave the virus a temporary name, the Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia, or NCP. The WHO is holding a global research and innovation forum on the virus in Geneva on Tuesday and Wednesday. It has sent an expert team to China to collaborate with Chinese experts to tackle the outbreak of COVID-19.
WS5e428a0ba310128217276bed	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e428a0ba310128217276bed.html	2020-02-11	Institutional advantages to help fight against coronavirus: China Daily editorial	Security staff members check passengers' temperature at Jinggangshan Airport in Ji'an, East China's Jiangxi province, Feb 10, 2020. The airport has taken measures such as increasing disinfection frequency and testing passengers' temperature to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. [Photo/Xinhua] Some Western epidemic experts' remarks in the wake of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus have provided some food for thought, as they said to some extent it is good that the virus has appeared in China, not in any other country, because China has a unique system that can help it effectively control the epidemic. They are right in that regard, but even as China has efficiently used the advantages of its system to the full in the fight against the virus, it is by no means a good thing that the outbreak has occurred, for itself, or the world. As of Tuesday afternoon, the virus had infected 42,717 people in China, and killed 1,017 of them, among which 31,728 of the infections and 974 of the deaths have been in Hubei province, which has been at the heart of the outbreak. These numbers have already been hard-earned results, as not only have 13 cities in Hubei, home to nearly 50 million people, been locked down, but also the rest of the nation has come to a virtual standstill for nearly one month as the central authorities seek to cut the transmission of the virus. To help those infected in the province, about 12,000 doctors and nurses, including military medical personnel, from the rest of the country have been sent to Hubei to swell the ranks of those combating the epidemic on the front line, where two large field hospitals have been built within 10 days from scratch, and workshops producing medical care materials are running at full speed to support the "war of the people". It is the resolute leadership of the Communist Party of China that has activated the mobilization of these forces in this life-and-death struggle and targeted the virus in Hubei to prevent it rampaging throughout the nation and beyond. Thanks to the central authorities' swift and decisive response when it was clear a new virus had emerged, China was not only able to isolate the virus, sequence the genome and share it with the World Health Organization and the world in record time, it was also able to implement the unprecedented quarantine measures aimed at containing the outbreak in Hubei. To more effectively provide assistance to the affected cities in Hubei, the central authorities on Friday instructed 16 provincial-level regions to assist the anti-epidemic fight in the 13 locked down cities and three others on a one-to-one basis, a mechanism that proved effective in relief and restoration work after the 2008 Wenchuan Earthquake. No wonder WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus and world leaders have hailed the speed and scale of China's response to the outbreak. Hopefully, the advantages of its system which have so remarkably been demonstrated will start to increasingly show the desired results. Rather than trying to portray China's system as a weakness that allowed the outbreak to happen, the world should recognize that it is the strengths of its system that have enabled the remarkable response to the virus. They should not take China's system as a reason to desert the fight.
WS5e427a4aa310128217276bd2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e427a4aa310128217276bd2.html	2020-02-11	What a Chinese businessperson has to say about the coronavirus	Xie Yong, president of DR PLANT Biotechnology Co, Ltd. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The novel coronavirus has already proven a more serious challenge than SARS – in China, and the world. In China, I'd say this is one of the most serious health crises in the last several decades. China's central and local governments have already introduced many effective policies and measures to support the affected regions and slow the spread of the virus. I believe that these measures have been executed faster and more effectively than could any government in the world. But I don't think we can say that it is only the government's responsibility to help. This is as much a social crisis as it is a national one. Though this virus may have begun in China, the nature of a globalized and mobile international society has made this as much an international crisis as an Asian one. I think what is needed now is an organized effort to provide the resources and materials necessary to combat this crisis. Due to this crisis, China has a severe shortage in medical equipment such as digital thermometers, face-masks, and even specialized hospital facilities to control the spread of the virus and treat patients. During this crisis, I have heard many people talking about this virus as "China's problem". They look down on our way of life and blame us for what is happening. I don't want to talk about these old prejudices, but it's a real problem. When Europe suffers, Chinese feel your pain. When the United States or Australia is in crisis, we Chinese cry for you. It is time for the world to do the same for China. The coronavirus is not a Chinese problem, it's not an Asian problem, it's a human problem. Of course, I'm not a medical expert, but, right now, the Chinese government at all levels has proven its organizational and leadership ability, and I am quite confident that this crisis will be resolved in the coming months. After all, it is a small miracle that the government could build a brand-new hospital for this crisis in just two weeks. And something ignored by Western media is that the number of people cured of the virus has surpassed those who have passed away because of it. This is a very positive development. The image is Huangfeng City government's web portal announcement of receipt of funds from DR PLANT Biotechnology Co, Ltd. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] That's to say, under this leadership we can defeat this virus. Many companies have joined in the fight, giving all sorts of material support. And while giving material support, such as supplies, is needed, this support is not as flexible, fluid, and mobile as cash. That is why my company has given nearly $3 million in support, and I am encouraging others to do the same. In China, we have an ancient saying for times of crisis: "If you have money, give money. If you don't, give your labour." At present, the UK has already invested in helping to find a vaccine, but more research and investment is required. I am very confident that, as China and the world recovers from this crisis, the Chinese economy will rebound – and, with it, the world economy. I congratulate Britain on its recent independence from the European Union, and now, more than ever, Britain needs to invest in China-UK mutual support and closer ties. The author is the president of DR PLANT Biotechnology Co, Ltd.
WS5e42755aa310128217276baf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e42755aa310128217276baf.html	2020-02-11	Ambassadors to China send their wishes on fight against coronavirus	Sergey Manassarian, Armenia's ambassador to China Dear Chinese friends, Humanity has faced an unusual, dangerous challenge connected with new coronavirus. You have thrown out on the front line of fighting it. Stay strong. We believe in your victory. Be sure that you are not alone. Akram Zeynalli, Azerbaijan's ambassador to China Dear our Chinese friends staying or currently living in Wuhan, (it is) a very difficult period and times for you. I would like to address you and to share our solidarity. We all know that because of the outbreak of the new type of coronavirus, now our friends living in Wuhan and other parts of China, they are passing through a difficult time and you are faced with new challenges. In these very temporary difficult time, I would like, as the ambassador of Azerbaijan to China to wish you all the best and to say that Azerbaijan is with you. We highly appreciate efforts taken by the Chinese government, by the local government of Wuhan and believe that China is a very strong country and a great nation. There is no doubt that very soon China will cope this disaster. I wish you once again good health, speed recovery to all who (were) infected by the virus. Mahbub Uz Zaman, Bangladesh's ambassador to China Our thoughts and prayers are with the government of People's Republic of China and the people as they are relentlessly struggle to contain the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. We have confidence on the ability of the government of China to contain it and prevent further outbreak. Our honorable foreign minister, on behalf of our government, has sent the message to his counterpart in China, conveyed our deep condolences for the loss of lives and sympathies to the member of the families. We firmly believe that the government of the People's Republic of China will be able to face the grave situation with utmost sincerity and capacity and control further aggravation of this situation. We stand by the government and the people of China at this hour. Mohammad Keshavarzzadeh, Iran's ambassador to China This year, Chinese friends combating the coronavirus are experiencing a different Spring Festival. But I'm sure China with 5,000 years of civilization can overcome this problem. i want to appreciate the government of China to taking the complete measure to combating the coronavirus. I'm sure that the Iranian people, the government standing are supporting the government and the people of China to overcome this difficulty. Leela Mani Paudyal, Nepal's ambassador to China I would like to extend my heartfelt sympathies and deep condolences to the government and people of China on this sudden and unexpected death of Chinese due to the novel coronavirus infection. At this hour of hardship, we express our strong solidarity with the government and the people of China in their all-out fight against this viral epidemic. We highly appreciate the great importance placed by China to people's lives and health. I'm fully confident that early and orderly steps are put to stop and fight against the spread of the virus. We will achieve the desired result soon. I will also like to assure the full support of the government and people of China in the fight against the viral outbreak and look forward to continue working together for the prevention and control of the contagious virus. I would also express our sincere gratitude to the government and people of China for the valuable support extended to Nepalese, including students in Hubei and other residents across China even at this hour of great hardship for the Chinese people themselves. Video provided by CCTSS
WS5e426e79a310128217276b94	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e426e79a310128217276b94.html	2020-02-11	83% of novel coronavirus clustering infections occur in families: Analysis	The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council holds a press conference, Feb 11, 2020. [Photo/chinadaily.com.cn] An analysis of about 1,000 cases of clustering infections of the novel coronavirus shows that 83 percent have occurred in families, a leading epidemiologist said on Tuesday. Hospitals, schools, shopping malls, factories and enterprises also are high-risk places for clustering infections – a definition that refers to more than two infections at a small place, said Wu Zunyou, chief epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. About 22 percent of the clustering infections were transmitted from patient zero to other patients, and 64 percent of infections are transmitted from those patients to more patients, he said, adding that there have also been rare cases of third-generation or fourth-generation transmission when the first patient has not shown clear symptoms. The first patient usually has lived or traveled to Wuhan, and through close contact, the patient's family member was infected, which then can be transmitted to more family members, he said at a daily news conference. However, Wu said the occurrence of clustering infections shows that prevention and control measures taken to combat the novel coronavirus epidemic have worked and the epidemic has not been spread on a larger scale. To prevent clustering infections, people need to take epidemic prevention and control measures when taking care of infected family members. They should also keep the house well ventilated, wear masks and pay attention to personal hygiene, he added.
WS5e426728a310128217276b79	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e426728a310128217276b79.html	2020-02-11	Dedicated man says helping fight novel coronavirus is an honor	Xu He, 33, a civil servant in Diaobingshan, Northeast China’s Liaoning province, works on the front line against the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Zhang Huiliang for chinadaily.com.cn] "My father is working on the front line and will return home a month later. My mother is also on the front line and comes back home very late every day. I miss them so much that I cried last night. I hope they can come back early." When Xu He watched the video of his four-year-old son speaking these words, he could only wipe tears from his eyes. Xu, 33, a civil servant in Diaobingshan, Northeast China's Liaoning province, has worked for more than two weeks helping fight the novel coronavirus outbreak. During work in a community, he visited hundreds of families to investigate visitors from other cities. "I had been a policeman before, so I believe I can fulfill the task well," he said. Sometimes when he meets residents who don't understand and support his work, so he always actively communicates with them and patiently advises the public on how to combat the epidemic. He also clearly explains the danger and seriousness of the epidemic, and this helps him ultimately win their understanding and support. On Feb 3, he submitted his application to work in a village facing a serious epidemic situation. Since then, he works in some of the most dangerous conditions, such as monitoring residents and collecting nucleic acid test samples. "Everyone working at the front line is industrious," he said. "As a Party member, I feel quite honored to do something in the fight against the epidemic." Xu He, 33, a civil servant in Diaobingshan, Northeast China’s Liaoning province, works on the front line against the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Zhang Huiliang for chinadaily.com.cn] Xu He, 33, a civil servant in Diaobingshan, Northeast China’s Liaoning province, works on the front line against the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Zhang Huiliang for chinadaily.com.cn] Xu He, 33, a civil servant in Diaobingshan, Northeast China’s Liaoning province, works on the front line against the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Zhang Huiliang for chinadaily.com.cn] Xu He, 33, a civil servant in Diaobingshan, Northeast China’s Liaoning province, works on the front line against the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Zhang Huiliang for chinadaily.com.cn] Xu He, 33, a civil servant in Diaobingshan, Northeast China’s Liaoning province, works on the front line against the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Zhang Huiliang for chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e425762a310128217276b36	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e425762a310128217276b36.html	2020-02-11	China addresses mental health care in fight against novel coronavirus	A psychological counselor in Haikou, Hainan province, answers a phone call about the novel coronavirus outbreak on Saturday. [Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING - The Chinese government and mental health professionals have implemented rapid and comprehensive public health emergency interventions on mental health care to aid the battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak. Researchers from Peking University reported in the journal Lancet that dealing with public psychological barriers and performing psychological crisis intervention is included in the top-level public health emergency response which has been activated in 31 provincial-level regions. The National Health Commission has released guidelines for local authorities to promote psychological crisis intervention for patients, medical workers and people under medical observation during the outbreak. Peking University is preparing a mental health handbook for the public on how to deal with stress and other psychological problems, they added. The researchers noted that the Chinese government has been striving to improve the public's awareness of prevention and intervention strategies by providing daily updates about confirmed and suspected cases on websites and social media. Meanwhile, psychologists and psychiatrists are using online platforms to share strategies for dealing with psychological stress. Experts from Peking University Sixth Hospital, which hosts the National Clinical Research Center for Psychiatric and Mental Disorders, gave suggestions for the public to cope with mental stress, such as assessing the accuracy of information and maintaining a degree of normalcy under safe conditions. The experts also suggested the use of psychosocial service systems, particularly telephone-based and internet-based counseling to medical workers, patients, their family members and the public. The researchers said in the journal that the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China has caused tremendous mental stress among the public due to factors including concerns about getting infected, misinformation and the misunderstanding of health messages. For medical workers, the challenges and stress at work and in their daily life could also trigger anxiety, depression or even post-traumatic stress disorder.
WS5e4251f5a310128217276b23	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e4251f5a310128217276b23.html	2020-02-11	As the holiday ends, how should the coronavirus be dealt with?	China's measures to contain the coronavirus outbreak have been working as its daily new confirmed cases outside Hubei Province have dropped from 890 on February 3 to 509 on February 8, according to Mi Feng, spokesperson for China's National Health Commission on Sunday. However, the country's fight against the spread of the virus needs to continue with increased efforts. This is because as the country's extended lunar New Year holiday is drawing to a close, it is now seeing a new wave of movement across the country as people who traveled from their places of work during the holiday have embarked on a journey back to restart work. This has posed renewed challenges about controlling the virus as the increased travels create the "perfect" breeding ground for a wider and quicker spread. So how should the challenge be dealt with? Ren Zeping, a renowned economist in China, released a report on Thursday analyzing how to manage the current crisis with more people returning to cities. The report points out that as people move back to work, over 60 percent of the population moving across different provinces are ending up in Guangdong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu Provinces, and the cities of Beijing and Shanghai. This leaves these areas particularly vulnerable to a further escalation of the outbreak and makes it an absolute necessity for them to shore up defense against the coronavirus. Luckily, they have done so in the past week. For example, in Beijing, communities have stepped up measures to minimize the risks with apartment complexes asking residents returning to Beijing to register their recent travel history. As the situation continues to evolve, deliverymen are also not able to enter residential compounds any more and occupants in the area need to collect their food or packages themselves. Cities like Guangzhou and Shenzhen have implemented tighter restrictions upon entry. For example, starting February 8, Shenzhen has strengthened the screening system towards travelers and vehicles that plan to go in and out, and vehicles that have been to major outbreak hotspots since January 1 will have to register online and indicate their intention to enter Shenzhen first. Moreover, on February 7, the Shenzhen government issued several new measures to contain the outbreak as Guangdong has risen to be the province with the most confirmed cases outside Hubei. According to the new measures, movement in and out of residential areas are strictly limited to residents of these communities and their vehicles; residents who have been to major outbreak-stricken areas in the past two weeks are required to self-quarantine at home. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the World Health Organization /CGTN Photo With the concerning uncertainty of the outbreak, these measures enacted in major cities to reduce contact between people as well as exposure to confirmed cases, should prove necessary for coping with the current crisis. In the meantime, staggering the dates for reopening different businesses is also a step that has been taken. And this means the country's 29 million migrant workers (17 million of which work away from their hometowns) will not have to flock back to work at the same time. For example, the city of Hangzhou has drawn up a "white list" of manufacturers that are allowed to open as of February 10, which includes those producing essential products or involved in major infrastructural projects, and those whose employees are mainly locals. Manufacturers whose employees are mostly non-locals but do not come from outbreak hotspots are allowed to open starting from February 15 with the others allowed to open on February 20. What is also worth noting is that as the country's migrant workers start to head back to work, they need to make sure they are in good health, wear face masks and take care of personal hand hygiene, as Yang Zhiming, chairman of The China Association for Labor Studies, warned. In the meantime, their employers need to take up their responsibility to reduce infection risks for their employees by not cramming them into small spaces and disinfect the factories and other work space often, etc, he said. Ren's report notes that the country should try its best to bring the situation under control by the end of February. While industries such as transport, express delivery, retail and manufacturers of essential goods such as medical equipment need to be in operation now, those such as restaurants, tourism and entertainment should better wait to reduce infection risks. Companies should also allow employees to work from home, and many are already doing this. China's efforts to deal with the current coronavirus situation have been truly unprecedented. However, given the uncertainty over how long this crisis will last and with the new challenge of increasing movement across the country, it is important that it continues to present a united front and coordinate efforts to tackle the situation.
WS5e424bc2a310128217276aee	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e424bc2a310128217276aee.html	2020-02-11	Coronavirus outbreak also part of climate change crisis	[Photo/Agencies] The growing death toll and spreading infection of the novel coronavirus outbreak have gripped the attention of people around the world and also generated international news headlines. Thus far, news coverage of the outbreak has mainly focused on keeping track of the looming threat, recording the insufferable human cost, and, above all, evaluating the Chinese government’s responsibility and response to this public health crisis. However, what is missing from the news is a climate change frame, which sees the novel coronavirus outbreak as a different manifestation of the ongoing climate change crisis. Our recent memory teems with more frequent and broader outbreaks: the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak in 2003, the H1N1 influenza pandemic in 2009, the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) outbreak in 2012, the H7N9 avian influenza outbreak in 2013, the Ebola outbreak in 2014, and the Zika outbreak in 2015. Each time, new strains of viruses emerge and strike back, and they become more contagious and virulent. The current novel coronavirus epidemic is just one episode of a series of outbreaks on a global scale in an extended period. The virus origin, high contagiousness, and long incubation period are still baffling scientists. Numerous studies have shown that climate change is a major factor that modifies the geographic and temporal distribution of zoonotic virus animal hosts, characteristics of the virus’s animal host life cycle, dispersal pattern of the virus, and animal-to-human viral spill-over efficiency. A group of UK and US researchers has also found that unabated global warming combined with higher human population growth and lower rates of socioeconomic development yield a 1.63-fold higher likelihood of epidemics, such as Ebola, to happen as a result of animal-to-human transmission. When news coverage neglects the climate change factor in the novel coronavirus outbreak, some dangerous consequences ensue. The Chinese people become the scapegoat. Chinese culture, especially the culinary culture, in which wildlife dishes are only an unsubstantial part, has been singled out for criticism and demonization. Racism piggybacks fear, spreading like wildfire hitting Chinese expats and restaurant businesses across the globe. The Chinese are stigmatized as a less civilized race obsessed with wicked culinary delights. Self-loathing and cultural diffidence also start to float within the Chinese community. Make no mistake. Trading and consumption of wildlife of any kind should be strictly regulated and even banned. The decrease of cruelty should be a hallmark of modern society. But we have to consider that each country’s culture, including the culinary culture, reflects a particular long-term relationship between the natural environment and the people on its land. Chinese culture stresses a symbiotic relationship between humans and nature. Chinese culinary culture features a total utilization of herbs, livestock and sometimes wildlife. It says less about gustatory curiosity, but more about an economizing strategy under perennial resource scarcity. However, high population growth, excessive consumption and food industry modernization have made certain culinary habits neither sustainable nor necessary. The culinary culture does not cause the outbreak. On the contrary, the outbreak demonstrates how fast environmental and social circumstances have changed, and people’s habitual behaviors often fail to adapt. The failure to stress the climate change factor behind the novel coronavirus outbreak also undercuts the Chinese government’s relief effort and sets a discouraging precedent for international cooperation for future global crises. The Chinese government takes high political risk and stern determination to contain the virus by putting hundreds of millions of citizens under self-quarantine during the holiday season and mobilizing enormous economic and human resources in a short time to fight the disease. World Health Organization Health Emergencies Program Executive Director Michael Ryan praised how the scale and commitment of an epidemic response at this level have never before been seen. Unfortunately, what has also never before been seen is the hasty and premature isolation of China for a virus with a relatively low mortality rate. Many countries, such as the US and Australia, rushed to evacuate their citizens from China and also unilaterally implement travel bans, flight suspensions, and visa service shutdowns against China before they could even provide humanitarian aid or medical assistance. In the past 30 years or so, China has undergone exceptional industrialization and urbanization. The high concentration of greenhouse gases and rising temperatures speed up virus mutation. An infrastructure construction frenzy in rural areas, massive commercial development of nature reserves, and unbridled deforestation further break down the natural barriers between zoonotic virus animal hosts and humans. Growing metropolises with extremely high population density become a hotbed of sprawling viruses. On the media, this is a seldom-discussed reason behind the repetitive outbreaks of strains of coronavirus and avian influenza virus in China. The high environmental and human cost of fast industrialization is a dilemma that almost every country is facing. China will not be the only country that takes a hit by global environmental degradation. Instead of politicizing the outbreak, all governments and peoples around the world need to address the shared challenge with a united resolution and comprehensive solutions. The menace of climate change has many faces. It is furious Superstorm Sandy that wreaked havoc on the US East Coast. It is the scorching bushfires that darkened the sky over Australia. It is the lethal pathogen that takes hundreds of lives in China. We have to look past each country’s suffering and address the root cause of accelerating climate change with concerted effort, so next time when another disaster hits, none of us has to retreat to the bitter tribalism and protectionism in despair. Liang Pan is a PhD candidate in communication at the University of Washington in Seattle, USA. His research covers the interplay between news media and international relations. He was a young diplomat fellow at The Asia Foundation in San Francisco. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e4249b9a310128217276ad9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e4249b9a310128217276ad9.html	2020-02-11	Coronavirus-hit Wuhan starts to receive frozen pork aid	People shop at a supermarket in the Wuchang district of Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 6, 2020. [Photo by Su Feng/chinadaily.com.cn] WUHAN - Wuhan on Tuesday morning received the first batch of frozen pork allocated by China's central government to aid the city at the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak. The 217.9 tonnes of frozen pork, the first batch of the 2,000 tonnes in total, boarded a train in Shanghai to arrive at the city's Wujiashan Station. Its arrival was 10 hours and 45 minutes ahead of schedule as railway authorities gave the train priority clearance throughout its journey, according to railway officials. The National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Commerce on Monday announced the decision to transport 2,000 tonnes of frozen pork to Wuhan. Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, has been sealed off to curb the outbreak of the new coronavirus, which has infected more than 18,000 residents in the city of over 10 million people.
WS5e42477da310128217276ab8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e42477da310128217276ab8.html	2020-02-11	Medics, supplies pour into epicenter of coronavirus outbreak	A worker unloads medical materials from a plane at the Wuhan Tianhe International Airport in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] WUHAN - The airport in Wuhan, the hardest-hit city amid the ongoing novel coronavirus epidemic, received nearly 6,000 medical personnel on Sunday, the highest-ever daily total, according to the airport. The medical staff, totaling 5,787, flew from a dozen municipalities and provinces across China including Shanghai, Tianjin, Liaoning, Hebei, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shandong, and began working in hospitals immediately after deplaning. The Hubei Airport Group said Wuhan Tianhe International Airport has received 239 medical support charter flights and cargo flights from other Chinese provinces and countries such as Japan, the Republic of Korea, Russia and Belarus since the citywide lockdown on Jan 24. About 17,000 medical and related personnel, as well as 2,200 tonnes of medical supplies, landed in Wuhan during the period. Statistics from the city's rail authority showed that 1,976 support staff from across China and nearly 8,500 tonnes of relief materials arrived in Wuhan by train as of last weekend. In the meantime, 90 tonnes of Chinese yam, 90 tonnes of garlic, 60 tonnes of eggs and 35 tonnes of Chinese cabbage donated by the city of Heze in East China's Shandong province were shipped to a Wuhan port and distributed to local residents. The city's rail-shipping combined transportation office said over 8,200 tonnes of relief supplies had arrived as of Feb 8.
WS5e4245d5a310128217276aae	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e4245d5a310128217276aae.html	2020-02-11	WHO says advance squad already in China to fight novel coronavirus	  Director-General of the World Health Organization Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus attends a news conference on the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Geneva, Switzerland, Feb 6, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] GENEVA -- The chief of the World Health Organization (WHO) said Monday that an advance squad of the WHO-led team of international experts had already arrived in China to lay the groundwork for the rest of team members who will cooperate with their Chinese counterparts against the novel coronavirus outbreak. The advance squad was led by Bruce Aylward, a Canadian epidemiologist and a "veteran of past public health emergencies," said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, adding that Aylward will be working with his Chinese counterparts to make sure "we have the right expertise on the team to answer the right questions." The WHO chief said that the rest of the team will join them as soon as possible, which will make it a whole team of probably 10 experts. "The team has been fully empowered by the WHO," Tedros added, "these are experienced people, and they know what to do. We want them to be really free empowered and see things for themselves." Michael Ryan, executive director of the WHO Health Emergencies Program, said that the team is a joint WHO-China mission to bring the best of science and public health minds from both China and the rest of the world. Meanwhile, the WHO is to convene a global research and innovation forum on Tuesday and Wednesday to mobilize international action in response to the novel coronavirus. "Bringing everybody together will give us a leapfrog moment in terms of coherence, priority setting, and the setting that roadmap, so that we all travel that road together in the coming months," Ryan said.
WS5e42119fa310128217276980	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e42119fa310128217276980.html	2020-02-11	Dozens of households evacuated after 2 coronavirus cases found in same building in Hong Kong	A medical worker wearing protective gear takes the temperature of a woman as she enters Princess Margaret Hospital in Hong Kong on Feb 4, 2020. [ANTHONY WALLACE/AFP] HONG KONG - Dozens of households in a residential building in Hong Kong's Tsing Yi area were evacuated after two cases of the novel coronavirus infection were found in the same building, Hong Kong's Center for Health Protection (CHP) said on early Tuesday. As the 62-year-old female patient of Hong Kong's 42nd case announced on Monday and the 75-year-old male patient of the 12th case confirmed on Jan. 30 both reside at the 07 unit on different floors in Hong Mei House, Cheung Hong Estate, the CHP said it is proactively following up to investigate whether the infections of the two cases are related. The CHP has immediately coordinated with relevant government departments and organizations to formulate and execute corresponding measures on Monday night. A multi-disciplinary response team has also been activated to investigate and examine if environmental factors were involved in the infection of the two cases. Taking into the opinions from experts, the CHP decided to carry out prudent measures on infection control. Personnel from the CHP inspected the building on Monday night and conducted active case-finding on residents living at the 07 units of the whole block, covering 30 odd floors, to identify if there are undiagnosed cases so as to stop the potential risk of further spread. Symptomatic residents will be sent to the hospital for quarantine while asymptomatic residents will be issued quarantine orders and be transferred to the quarantine center, the CHP said. The Food and Environmental Hygiene Department and the Housing Department will conduct thorough cleaning and disinfection for the building. The Department of Health will provide residents with guidelines on professional cleaning and disinfection, such as to maintain drainage pipes properly and regularly pour about half a liter of water into each drain outlet (U-traps) to ensure environmental hygiene, and after using the toilet, to put the toilet lid down before flushing to avoid spreading germs, it said. The total number of the novel coronavirus infection cases in Hong Kong has risen to 42 as of Tuesday morning. Among Monday's six confirmed cases, five involve two families, triggering warning about outbreaks in families and communities.
WS5e420888a310128217276917	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e420888a310128217276917.html	2020-02-11	Racism behind coronavirus paranoia	[Luo Jie/China Daily] While China was quickly building hospitals in Wuhan and people from around the world were donating masks, some politicians and pundits in the United States were lashing out at the nation that is already on the front lines of combating a global epidemic. In addition to questioning the death toll, Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton went so far as to suggest the virus was manufactured in a "level four super laboratory." What expertise does he have in medicine or epidemiology to make this claim? It doesn't matter; that's the same Tom Cotton who claimed the earth's temperature is not warming, a science-denying statement, despite having no expertise in climate studies. So he apparently is unwilling to accept the fact viruses can spread between living organisms. But this is a man who is influential in American policy making. He is a rising figure within the Republican Party, and President Donald Trump appears to take his advice. Cotton, appearing on Fox News' Tucker Carlson Tonight on Jan 29, said he "urged the Trump administration" to "stop commercial air travel" from China. Donald Trump, who one week ago claimed "We have it totally under control," banned Chinese and other foreign nationals from entering the country if they had spent any time in China, a policy that impacted Chinese students and even more business travelers, researchers and tourists. Cotton is not the only one in the US to make dodgy claims and spread fear. But Cotton is one of the highest ranking, and he should know better. His words impact others. When supposed authority figures make loose comments, they risk inducing panic and spreading misinformation that could counter the effort to fight coronavirus. What the world needs is a rational response based on evidence, not fear-mongering and partisan politicking. Unfortunately quite a few bloggers jumped on Cotton's conspiratorial comments in order to claim the virus was "man-made." It's possible to argue he was taken out of context. But he was perfectly clear about his recommendation to ban flights from China, and perfectly clear about his idea the number is much higher than reported. Carlson, star of the right-wing Fox News lineup, also asked, with his unique brand of snark and feigned surprise, "So far, travel between the US and China is completely unaffected. Why? Who knows?" Well, maybe because the World Health Organization advises against it, and the vast majority of policy experts agree travel bans don't work. But the US announced the travel ban just a few days later. (Trump spends a lot of time watching Fox News, too, so it's possible he took his advice from Carlson.) What's behind the overbearing response and paranoia? There is the well-known fact people fear the unknown more than the routine. "Exotic" viruses that seem to come about suddenly are scarier than influenza, for example. A shooting on a long-distance bus in California in the early morning of Feb 3, which killed one and wounded five, does not alarm people in the US when there are hundreds of random public shootings every year. But there may be some other motives influencing some people's attitudes toward coronavirus, on account of claims that it originated in China. As a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Cotton frequently criticizes China. He is right to be on the lookout for what he feels is in the national interest of his country, but when it comes to matters of public health one ought to drop his animus and solve a problem that affects all of humanity. Indeed, stopping it now will also decrease the likelihood of it spreading in the US. The diagnosis for Carlson, I'm afraid, is a good deal more grave. Here is a man who blames "immigrants" for dirtying America's environment: "litter is left almost exclusively by immigrants," he said in a December 2019 interview. In 2018, he blamed immigrants for the fact that, in his view, America is becoming more divided. In one segment, he warned that "immigrants" are "replacing" "Americans." Does any of that sound racist to you? Don't worry, it's not. Carlson, after all, also said in 2019 that white supremacy "is not a real problem in America," it's a "hoax." Glad that's been cleared up. The problem of racism with regard to coronavirus response is not limited to the United States, but has been expressed in other countries, in Asia and Europe and elsewhere. In Korea, some restaurants posted signs saying "no Chinese." A funny thing happened in the UK: masks are sold out everywhere, despite the fact there are only three confirmed cases of coronavirus in the whole country. And yet, when a student who appeared to be of Chinese descent was seen walking to class at the University of Sheffield wearing a mask, she was verbally attacked by multiple students, according to a report published at Guancha. Now, you might ask, as Tucker Carlson did, what, at all, does "racism" have to do with the response to coronavirus? There's your answer. Mitchell Blatt is a columnist and a recent graduate of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e41fe09a31012821727680e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e41fe09a31012821727680e.html	2020-02-11	Novel coronavirus not a type of SARS, experts say	Experts debunked the claim that the novel coronavirus is a type of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus, which has caused unnecessary panic on Chinese social media. The novel coronavirus may share some genetic similarities with the SARS virus－both use the same ACE2 receptor to enter cells, for example－but it is inaccurate to say novel coronavirus is a type of SARS virus, they said. The controversy began on Sunday night when virologist Chen Huanchun made the claim, which quickly went viral on Chinese social media and led to scientists scrambling to refute it. Chen later apologized for the error in speaking, saying he intended to say both viruses belong to the same broad category－both are beta coronaviruses, one of the four major genera of the coronaviruses first discovered in 1968. The SARS epidemic between 2002 and 2003 still strikes a sensitive nerve in the Chinese public since it was the first viral outbreak in the 21st century to seriously challenge the nation's public health infrastructure and response mechanisms. SARS's visible symptoms are also more serious, and it has a higher death rate, around 9.6 percent, than novel coronavirus, which is estimated to be around 2 to 4 percent, according to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. As a result, scientists have been very careful when comparing the two coronaviruses. Zhong Nanshan, the leading expert spearheading China's epidemic response, was the first scientist to speak out against Chen's claim. "The novel coronavirus belongs to a parallel classification of the SARS virus," he said. "They may belong to the same category, but they are not the same species. They are very different." Of all the coronaviruses discovered, only seven can infect humans, according to the United States Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Four are alpha coronaviruses, and the other three are beta coronaviruses such as SARS, novel coronavirus and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS. According to the journal Lancet, novel coronavirus and SARS share about 79 percent of their genetic sequence, meaning they are related but are very distant organisms. In comparison, humans share 96 percent of their genes with chimpanzees and 80 percent with cows, according to the National Human Genome Research Institute.
WS5e41f499a310a2fabb7a20c6	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e41f499a310a2fabb7a20c6.html	2020-02-11	Medical volunteer rises to challenge in battle against coronavirus	When answering a call from the Hospital Authority to help out at the accident and emergency (A&E) unit of a public hospital, Kelvin Wong Kiu-fung did not expect the mission would become so much more challenging when thousands of hospital workers went on strike. The industrial action added a tremendous burden to public hospitals, which were already facing an acute staff shortage due to the new coronavirus epidemic. The strike ran for five days, until the majority of members of the new union that called the strike then voted on Friday to call it off. The strikers had called for a total lockdown of the city - a demand the government rejected. Emergency services were among those affected by the strike. On the first day of the strike, more than 100 A&E medical workers were absent. The extra workload fell on those workers, including Wong, who remained at their posts. As a volunteer, Wong was expected to work an average of three hours a day at A&E after his normal shift in the Department of Surgery at North District Hospital. Burdened with an extra workload during the strike, Wong could sense anxiety rising among all remaining front-line medical employees. "You never know whether the next patient you receive is coronavirus-positive or not," Wong said. He said most patients at A&E early this month showed pneumonic symptoms. The North District Hospital, which Wong works for, has received a 58-year-old patient who was later confirmed to have been infected with the virus. All front-line medical workers are fully geared up as the virus spreads from person to person in close proximity through droplets of bodily fluids, such as saliva or mucus, or through personal contact. The head-to-toe protective gear creates another level of anxiety for the front-line workers. "When you put on the gear, you face the possibility of receiving an infected patient. When you take it off, you face the risk of being infected for accidentally touching the gear but forgetting to wash your hands afterward," Wong said. Front-line medical workers need to wash their hands after taking off their protective gear. Wong said gloves are normally the first to be taken off, while face masks, goggles and hoods come off last. The whole procedure takes 15 to 20 minutes. "You have to be extremely attentive when you take off your gear. You need to keep asking yourself, 'Have I done it in the right order?' or 'Have I washed my hands?' That certainly places an immense mental pressure on front-line workers," Wong said. But to Wong, the anxiety seldom stems from worrying about the shortage of medical resources, a concern cited by many medical workers who went on strike. They fear that the shortage of protective gear will expose them to the deadly disease that has infected at least 42 people in Hong Kong. The Hospital Authority had about 16 million surgical masks and around 2.2 million protective suits as of Monday. Briefing the media on Saturday, Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor said the government's stock of face masks, sufficient for one month, will be distributed first to front-line personnel, including medical workers, while more masks from the mainland and overseas suppliers are on the way. "As long as there is protective gear and other resources, medical workers have no reason to shirk their responsibilities to the patients," Wong said. Though lashing out at the government for being several steps behind in containing the epidemic, Wong said that medical employees could adopt a more positive and proactive attitude and negotiate with the government on tightening border checks, instead of taking the extreme step of abandoning their patients. In Wong's view, being positive, united and faithful is the key to facing up to the fear of an epidemic outbreak. He has launched an online campaign to call on all people, regardless of their jobs and politics, to join together to fight and win the battle against the coronavirus. Wong noted that the majority of the thousands of signatures and messages received are positive, conveying confidence in and support for Hong Kong. Difficulties could be overcome with love and wisdom, Wong said, citing the success on the mainland. The virus has infected over 40,000 people on the mainland. Thousands of medical workers have volunteered to join the fight in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. "Mainland medical professionals have demonstrated their professionalism and selflessness. They brought relief to the local people, and set an example to people across the country that fear can be conquered by confidence," Wong said. Wong said he will continue his volunteer work at A&E. "It's nothing big, but a duty I should fulfill," he said. willa@chinadailyhk.com
WS5e41e778a310128217276751	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/11/WS5e41e778a310128217276751.html	2020-02-11	Facts about the novel coronavirus - Treatment	  Facts about novel coronavirus: Prevention and control Facts about the novel coronavirus: Transmission
WS5e415c41a3101282172766ba	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e415c41a3101282172766ba.html	2020-02-10	Zhuhai, Macao team up to fight novel coronavirus	A general view of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau bridge and entrances to a cross sea tunnel, off Lantau island, a key infrastructure in the Greater Bay Area project in Hong Kong, Sept 6, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] Zhuhai, Guangdong province and the neighboring Macao Special Administrative Region have been working closely in the fight against the outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia, said Yan Wu, vice-mayor of Zhuhai. A joint epidemic control mechanism was established just after a meeting among top government officials of the two cities on Jan 23, Yan said at a news conference in Guangzhou on Monday. Under the mechanism, Zhuhai and Macao have been sharing information such as infection cases, medical treatments, epidemic control measures and checkpoint operations carried out daily at 10 am, 3 pm and 5 pm. A high-level and extensive cooperative network for epidemic control has been in place, which includes cooperation in terms of checkpoints, police and medical transfers as well as personnel such as top government officials, medical workers, community workers and security guards, Yan said. Under the mechanism, the two places have been able to quickly share information on treatment methods recommended by Zhong Nanshan, a prominent expert in respiratory diseases and one of the leading specialists tackling the outbreak. Meanwhile, Zhuhai has sufficient medical capabilities to handle the outbreak, said Xu Chaolong, director of the city's health commission. With capacity for 300 dedicated beds under construction, the city will have 800 such beds in the future. By Sunday, the city had reported 85 confirmed novel coronavirus-infected patients, with nine already cured and discharged from hospital, Yan said.
WS5e415c13a3101282172766b4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e415c13a3101282172766b4.html	2020-02-10	27 foreigners diagnosed with novel coronavirus pneumonia	A medical worker tests novel coronavirus samples at the Nanyang disease prevention and control center in Nanyang city, Central China's Henan province, on Feb 4, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A total of 27 foreigners in China have been diagnosed with the novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Monday morning, with two succumbing to the illness and three discharged, the Foreign Ministry said. A Chinese-American passed away in the central Chinese city Wuhan on Thursday, and a Japanese died on Saturday in the same city, Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a daily online news briefing. China extends condolences over their passing, and has already notified the United States and Japan about their deaths, Geng said, adding that the country will continue to offer assistance with the aftermath. China attaches great importance to the health and safety of all foreign nationals in Wuhan, and has taken effective measures to respond to their reasonable concerns and requests in a timely manner, he said. The Chinese government has provided timely, multilingual information and advisory services on epidemic prevention and control to foreigners in China, the Foreign Ministry said earlier. The Foreign Ministry has set up a special column, "Fighting 2019-nCoV" on its website, gathering the latest information from the National Health Commission to keep foreign readers updated. Hubei province has strengthened epidemic prevention and treatment concerning foreigners, and provided guidance to foreign patients in accordance with the tiered diagnosis and treatment system, according to the ministry. The province set up a 24 hour hotline (027-87122256) for foreigners staying there to access advice and assistance. Many provinces and cities have taken measures to offer support to foreigners living there and guarantee their needs in life, epidemic prevention and treatment, the ministry said. Provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities like Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Guangdong, Jiangsu and Xinjiang, have sent open letters to foreign citizens working and living there, sharing with them information channels and designated treatment centers. To help equip foreign nationals in China with prevention know-how, the National Immigration Administration translated Public Prevention of Pneumonia Caused by Novel Coronavirus, released by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention in six foreign languages, namely English, French, Russian, German, Japan and Korean.
WS5e415be5a3101282172766b0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e415be5a3101282172766b0.html	2020-02-10	Novel coronavirus patients who refuse earlier quarantine could be charged	Patients go through a registration process at the entrance of the Jianghan Cabin Hospital in Wuhan. XIONG QI/XINHUA People confirmed as contracting the novel coronavirus could be charged with endangering public security if they refuse to be quarantined or leave before the regular end of their quarantine period, and enter public places or take public transportation, a new judicial document said on Monday. Those suspected of the infection, if they have the above-mentioned behaviors and the behaviors cause the spread of the novel coronavirus, could face similar charges, according to a guideline jointly released by four central authorities, including the top court, the top procuratorate, the Ministry of Public Security and the Ministry of Justice. Under such a charge, those convicted face jail terms ranging from three to 10 years if the consequence is not serious. If their behaviors cause serious injury or death of other people, or cause great economic loss of public properties, those convicted face more than 10 years of imprisonment, life sentence or even death, according to Chinese laws. The guideline also made it clear that during the epidemic, those who intentionally attack medical staff and cause injuries, or tear at the protection gear of medical staff or spit at them and cause them to become infected, will be charged with intentional injury. The guideline was made to better fight crimes that harm prevention and control work connected to the novel coronavirus epidemic, protect the safety of the public and ensure a stable society, according to the authorities.
WS5e4152c0a3101282172766a2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e4152c0a3101282172766a2.html	2020-02-10	Novel coronavirus vaccine starts animal trials	BEIJING -- A candidate vaccine targeting the novel coronavirus has been tested on animals, according to a report Monday on news portal yicai.com, citing sources with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The mRNA vaccine was co-developed by the CDC, Shanghai-based Tongji University School of Medicine and Stermirna Therapeutics Co Ltd. The vaccine samples were injected into more than 100 mice Sunday, the report said. This came just two weeks after the center successfully isolated the first new coronavirus strain on Jan 24. A CDC official warned that the animal testing is in a very early stage of vaccine development and there are still many steps to be taken before the vaccine is ready to be used on humans. Testing on mice is only an initial screening of a candidate vaccine. After that there will be toxicity tests on larger animals such as monkeys to ensure the safety of the vaccine in human clinical trials, said the report, citing a researcher of Tongji University. The development and production cycle of the mRNA vaccine is shorter than that of traditional vaccines. A number of research institutes and companies around the world are stepping up efforts in developing vaccines and agents against the novel coronavirus, which has already caused 40,171 confirmed cases in China as of Sunday.
WS5e413322a310128217276684	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e413322a310128217276684.html	2020-02-10	Confidence and optimism in fight against novel coronavirus	People dance in a mobile cabin hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province.
WS5e4131eda310128217276680	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e4131eda310128217276680.html	2020-02-10	Xi inspects coronavirus-treating hospital in Beijing	Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the Beijing Ditan Hospital in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING - Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspected the Beijing Ditan Hospital, a designated institution treating the novel coronavirus pneumonia, on Monday afternoon. Xi, also Chinese president and chairman of the Central Military Commission, learned about the treatment of infected patients and made video calls to hospitals in Wuhan receiving patients with severe conditions, heard reports from the central guiding team in Hubei province and the provincial headquarters on the prevention and control of the epidemic, and extended regards to medical workers on the frontline. Xi then went to the center for disease control and prevention of Chaoyang District, where he learned about the district's emergency response, epidemiological investigation and screening report efforts, and the city's overall epidemic prevention and control work. Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, makes video calls to hospitals in Wuhan receiving patients in severe condition and hears reports from the central guiding team at the Beijing Ditan Hospital in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e412799a310128217276674	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e412799a310128217276674.html	2020-02-10	27 foreign nationals in China diagnosed with novel coronavirus: FM spokesperson	BEIJING -- Twenty-seven foreign nationals have been diagnosed with novel coronavirus, among whom three have been cured and discharged from hospital, two have passed away, and 22 others are isolated in hospitals, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said Monday. The figures are correct as of 8 am local time Monday and the two deaths include a Chinese American and a Japanese national, according to spokesperson Geng Shuang. He said the Chinese American and Japanese passed away at 7 pm on Feb 6 and in the early morning of Feb 8, respectively. Both of them died in Wuhan, Hubei province. Medical staff had done their utmost to treat the two individuals, and the Chinese side has been in contact with their bereaved families, Geng said. The Chinese side offers its deepest condolences over their passing, Geng said, noting that the United States and Japan have been notified of the deaths through diplomatic channels. "The Chinese side will offer necessary assistance to the US side and the Japanese side, as well as the bereaved families," Geng said. The spokesperson emphasized that China attaches great importance to the health and safety of all foreign nationals in Wuhan, with effective measures being taken to respond timely to their concerns and requests. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus also stressed many times that flying out in a rush is not recommended, and the best approach is to stay put and enhance self-protection, said Geng, stressing that the WHO's professional recommendations should be respected. For those countries that wish to bring their nationals home, Geng said China will make relevant arrangements and offer necessary assistance consistent with international practices and domestic epidemic prevention and control measures.
WS5e411c72a310128217276635	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e411c72a310128217276635.html	2020-02-10	Xi extends condolences to people who died from coronavirus	Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the Beijing Ditan Hospital, a designated institution treating the novel coronavirus pneumonial in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi inspects novel coronavirus prevention, control work in Beijing BEIJING - Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, on Monday inspected the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing. Xi, also Chinese president and chairman of the Central Military Commission, visited Anhuali community, Chaoyang district of Beijing to learn about the epidemic prevention and control at the primary level and the supply of daily necessities. He also extended regards to residents and community workers. Xi stresses winning people's war against novel coronavirus BEIJING -- Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, on Monday stressed resolutely winning the people's war of epidemic prevention and control with firmer confidence, stronger resolve and more decisive measures. Xi, also Chinese president and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the remarks while inspecting the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing. Xi says China can certainly score 'full victory' in epidemic fight BEIJING -- Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, on Monday said China can certainly score a full victory in the fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic. The situation at the moment remains very serious, said Xi, also Chinese president and chairman of the Central Military Commission. Speaking during an inspection of the epidemic prevention and control work in Beijing, Xi said the whole party, the armed forces and the people of all ethnic groups in China stand together with the people of Hubei and Wuhan. Hubei province, of which Wuhan is the capital city, is at the center of the outbreak. Xi pointed out that Hubei and Wuhan are the top priority for the epidemic prevention and control. "Wuhan is a heroic city and people of Hubei and Wuhan are heroic people who have never been crushed by any difficulty and danger in history. As long as our comrades work together, fight bravely and overcome difficulties, we certainly can score a full victory in the fight against the epidemic," Xi said. Xi urges more resolute measures in Hubei to contain virus BEIJING -- Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, Monday called for more resolute measures in the central Chinese province of Hubei and its capital city of Wuhan to curb the novel coronavirus from spreading. Xi, also Chinese president and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the remarks during a video conference at Beijing Ditan Hospital with officials fighting the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic in Hubei province. Identifying Hubei and Wuhan as the top priorities of the epidemic control work, Xi made a five-point demand: -- Resolute efforts should be made to leave no one unattended; -- All-out efforts should be made to treat and save patients; -- Social governance should be strengthened in every aspect; -- Public communication should be strengthened; -- The unified command should be enhanced. Xi extends condolences to people who died from coronavirus BEIJING -- Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, Monday extended deep condolences to those who died from the novel coronavirus pneumonia and expressed deep sympathy to their bereaved families. Xi, also Chinese president and chairman of the Central Military Commission, also extended sincere sympathy to the patients and their families. On behalf of the CPC Central Committee, Xi extended the condolences and sympathy when he held a video conference at the Beijing Ditan Hospital with officials fighting the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic in Hubei Province. Xi also extended regards to Party members, officials and people in Hubei, and expressed appreciation for the medical workers, officers and soldiers of the People's Liberation Army, as well as comrades from all walks of life on the frontline of epidemic prevention and control. Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, makes video calls to hospitals in Wuhan receiving patients in severe condition and hears reports from the central guiding team at the Beijing Ditan Hospital in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. Xi visited Anhuali Community, Chaoyang District of Beijing to learn about the epidemic prevention and control at the primary level and the supply of daily necessities. He also extended regards to residents and community workers. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, inspects the novel coronavirus pneumonia prevention and control work in Beijing, Feb 10, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e411bd8a31012821727662b	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e411bd8a31012821727662b.html	2020-02-10	The novel coronavirus will be defeated	[Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Getachew Engida, a visiting professor and co-president, China-Africa Leadership Development Institute at Tsinghua University and former deputy director-general of UNESCO Humanity has been battling against viruses since time immemorial. The technological and scientific progress we have made over the years has enabled us to contain the spread of such viruses and limit the loss of human lives. Our health systems are much stronger now than they have ever been. International cooperation in dealing with emerging diseases is remarkable. In places where health systems are weak, we have the capacity to assemble experts from around the world under the World Health Organization to deal with the outbreak of new and recurrent viruses - remember that HIV AIDS originated in Africa. More often than not, we have been able to arrest the spread of such viruses and treat victims successfully. We all understand that such deadly viruses know no boundaries and our only option is to work together, pull in the same direction and put aside whatever differences we may have as societies. Scientists tell us that viruses emerge randomly and they certainly do not have nationalities. Only fools and irrational people among us would think that viruses, such as the novel coronavirus, are a problem of this nationality or that. They are our collective challenges. Over the years, we have faced a number of pandemics. The Black Death, which killed an estimated 75 to 100 million people across Eurasia in the 14th century, is a notable example. The 1918 influenza pandemic (Spanish Flu) was yet another deadly flu that may have infected about 500 million people and killed an estimated 50 million plus people (3 percent to 6 percent of the world's population). In the recent past, we faced the H1N1 pandemic with the deaths of 150,000 to 575,000 people, a much lower fatality rate than previous strains of the virus. This is clearly an indication of our increased and collective capacity to deal with such viruses. Since the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak in Wuhan, China, the Chinese authorities shared the emergence of the virus with the international community as soon as it was practicable to do so, including the DNA sequence. They have taken unprecedented measures to contain the spread of the virus with lockdowns and building health facilities in record time to treat those infected. The latest information indicates that mortality among known 2019-nCoV is around 2 percent. The World Health Organization, through its Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom, has nothing but praise for what the government and people of China are doing to control the spread of the virus. While declaring an international health emergency, the WHO has not elevated the novel coronavirus to a pandemic. It is pleasing to note messages of solidarity coming out from governments, prominent international leaders and the international community at large, including my former boss, former secretary-general Ban Ki-moon. Several countries have discouraged travel to China as a whole, citing health risks and many airlines have cancelled flights to or from China. This clearly overlooks the vast territory of China and the measures taken by national and local governments to contain the spread of the virus from Wuhan to neighboring regions. To date, there is only one fatality outside of China. Certainly, there are no rational justifications for such drastic measures on the part of some countries. The virus, at least at this stage, has not been declared a pandemic. When humanity is faced with a shared danger, we can either band together with compassion or allow fear to get the better of us. "We are going through a panic phase," said Graham Medley, director of the Center for the Mathematical Modeling of Infectious Diseases at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. "Governments don’t know what to do, people don't know how to react. When we understand the risks, reactions will change." I share this enlightened view. We must refrain from discriminating against people simply because of their nationality, as it is immoral and does nothing to protect us from contracting the virus. A person's ethnicity or nationality are not indicators of whether or not they carry the virus. While some react negatively to the Chinese out of ignorance of the virus, others use it for a more sinister objective, to slow down and/or arrest the ascendancy of China and its growing influence in the international arena. This is impossible. China has shown that there is 'no one size fits' model for a political-economic system. That dogma has long been proved unworkable and in many cases a source of misery for millions. The international community will be better served by having choices in crafting strategic political-economic directions fit for and designed for individual societies. For most of us who follow developments in China closely, we cannot but admire its resilience against adversity. It's miraculous development over the last few years is a clear testimony to this. It has taken over 700 million people out of abject poverty in record time. No one can doubt President Xi's message that "nothing matters more than people's safety and health". While the challenges ahead are enormous in tackling the novel coronavirus, it is hard not to be optimistic that the Chinese, with the support of the international community, will defeat this scourge. Let's stay optimistic, do what we are all supposed to do and not submit to fear mongering. Getachew Engida is distinguished visiting professor and co-president, China-Africa Leadership Development Institute at Tsinghua University and former deputy director-general of UNESCO. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e41162aa310128217276612	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e41162aa310128217276612.html	2020-02-10	Incubation for novel coronavirus could reach 24 days in rare cases	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, January 24, 2020. /Xinhua Photo The incubation period for the novel coronavirus, which has killed more than 900 in the Chinese mainland, could reach 24 days in rare cases, recent research has found. The median incubation period is three days, lower than the estimated 5.2 days, according to research conducted by Zhong Nanshan, a prominent scientist who is leading a government-appointed panel of experts helping control the coronavirus outbreak. The findings could be used to guide the quarantine practice of targeting the close contacts of coronavirus patients, according to the research, whose findings were published on Sunday on medRxiv, the free online archive and distribution server for complete but unpublished medical papers. Guan Weijie, a member of the research team, told Red Star News on Monday that the coronavirus only in very rare cases has incubated for 24 days, and there's no need to prolong the isolation period for suspected patients. The research was based on a sample of 1,099 novel coronavirus patients selected from 552 hospitals across the nation, with a median age of 47. Among them, 2.09 percent are medical workers and 43.95 percent were residents in Wuhan, Central China’s Hubei province -- where the virus was first found in December. More than a quarter of them have not been to Wuhan or met any returnees from the provincial capital. Female patients account for 41.9 percent of the sample, more than a quarter have at least one underlying conditions, and only 1.18% had direct contact with wild animals, the research said. The research found that the pathogen's fatality rate was 0.88 percent.
WS5e4111f3a3101282172765fa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e4111f3a3101282172765fa.html	2020-02-10	Coronavirus recovery rates go up across China	Cured patients pose for a group photo with medical workers at the Sixth People's Hospital of Shenyang in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, Feb 9, 2020. Two patients of the novel coronavirus pneumonia, a woman and her daughter, were cured and discharged from the hospital on Sunday. [Photo/Xinhua] The recovery rates of novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, Hubei province and across the country have all risen significantly, a spokesman from the National Health Commission said on Monday. NHC spokesman Mi Feng said according to today's data analysis, the recovery rate of novel coronavirus pneumonia across the country was 8.2 percent, compared with 1.3 percent on Jan 27. The recovery rate in Hubei province reached 6.1 percent from 1.7 percent on Jan 27 and the rate in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, rose to 6.2 percent from 2.6 percent on Jan 27, he added. "It shows medical treatment across the country has been effective," he said. Mi added that with medical support strengthened and the adoption of various measures to increase bed supply for patients, treatment capacity in Hubei and Wuhan has also significantly improved. By the end of Sunday, a total of 40,171 infections were confirmed, 908 deaths were reported and 3,281 patients had recovered, per the most recent data.  
WS5e410d7ea3101282172765d1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e410d7ea3101282172765d1.html	2020-02-10	Is China approaching a coronavirus crossroads?	There are now over 40,200 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus worldwide. And yet, there is something else going on behind the reported figures, something that may allow a sense of cautious optimism. Toward potential crossroads Despite international concern and sensational headlines, the number of confirmed cases outside China has been relatively low, less than 400. So far there have been only two deaths outside the Chinese maniland; one in Hong Kong and another in the Philippines. Both patients had traveled to or had a connection with Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. While these numbers are likely to increase in the near future, the low starting point suggests China’s costly and severe measures may have saved many lives inside and outside China. Moreover, the pace of the contagion’s spread may be changing. In the international media, the spotlight has been mainly on the accumulated confirmed cases and deaths. Consequently, the relative increase has been relegated to the sidelines. Certainly, both sets of figures have a vital role. In absolute terms, accumulated cases reflect the human toll of the outbreak, in which even a single number is a tragedy. Yet relative terms are critical because they reflect the pace of the virus‘ spread. Although the absolute number of confirmed cases and deaths is likely to climb for a while longer, the absolute number of new cases and their daily increase may be decelerating. In retrospect, the number of accumulated cases began to soar around the third week of January. In part, this can be attributed to the virus outbreak itself and in part to China’s stringent containment measures. On Jan 24, the confirmed cases exceeded 1,000; a week later, the figure jumped over 10,000; another week later, over 30,000. Unfortunately, the accumulated number will still continue to rise. In retrospect, the number of accumulated cases began to soar around the third week of January. In part, this can be attributed to the virus outbreak itself and in part to China’s stringent containment measures. On Jan 24, the confirmed cases exceeded 1,000; a week later, the figure jumped over 10,000; another week later, over 30,000. Unfortunately, the accumulated number will still continue to rise. Nevertheless, the relative increase of these accumulated cases has progressively decreased since mid-January. Toward the end of the month, the rate accelerated briefly, perhaps as the result of tough quarantine measures in China. While the pace peaked at almost 100 percent after mid-January, it has declined to zero, and even gone negative since (Figure 1). Figure 1 Accumulated Confirmed Cases, Jan 10 to Feb 9, 2020  Source: DifferenceGroup. Data from China’s National Health Commission Potential deceleration Even more importantly, the relative daily increase of new cases, which have critical impact on the long-term duration and severity of the outbreak, may be amid a crossroads. Confirmed new cases increased steadily from mid-January, soaring to almost 3,900 on Feb 4. Since then the numbers have fallen below 2,600. In relative terms, the change has been almost progressive, having plunged from almost 350 percent to negative (Figure 2). Figure 2 Confirmed New Cases, Jan 10 to Feb 9, 2020 Source: DifferenceGroup. Data from China’s National Health Commission While the data could indicate a possible turnaround in the virus outbreak, there is no assurance the deceleration will prevail. It is well known virus trend lines can zigzag. Consequently, complacency in the struggle against the outbreak is no option. There are other caveats as well. The right data is critical. The assumption is the number of confirmed cases is realistic. Furthermore, there is the risk of potential mutation. Current statistics are based on the assumption the crisis will not result in adverse mutations that would drastically change outcomes. The big question is whether the deceleration trend will remain and strengthen. We can only hope so. Dan Steinbock is an internationally recognized strategist and the founder of Difference Group. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.  
WS5e410796a31012821727659f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e410796a31012821727659f.html	2020-02-10	Hainan offers daily updates on novel coronavirus in six languages	None
WS5e410640a310128217276596	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e410640a310128217276596.html	2020-02-10	Guangdong opens bilingual hotlines for novel coronavirus inquiries	None
WS5e410517a310128217276591	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e410517a310128217276591.html	2020-02-10	Fiscal, tax policies issued to back coronavirus fight	None
WS5e4102daa310128217276585	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e4102daa310128217276585.html	2020-02-10	China battling coronavirus epidemic in accordance with the law	Doctors take care of a novel coronavirus patient at Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan. [Photo by Gao Xiang/For China Daily] BEIJING - The measures on the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak have been taken in accordance with the law, according to healthcare experts. The National Health Commission (NHC) has classified the novel coronavirus pneumonia as a category B infectious disease under the law on prevention and control of infectious diseases, which was first enacted in 1989 and revised in 2004 and 2013. It also decided to take preventive and control measures of category A infectious diseases upon approval from the State Council, following the procedure prescribed in the same law. When dealing with a category A disease, medical institutions are authorized to treat patients and pathogen carriers in isolation, give separate isolation treatment to suspected patients in designated places and implement medical observation and other necessary preventive measures on their close contacts. China classifies infectious diseases into three categories, with plague and cholera listed as category A infectious diseases, and SARS, HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases classified as category B diseases. The decision of launching preventive and control measures of category A is crucial in containing the spread of the epidemic, according to Li Xingwang, a member of the national medical expert team and a leading expert on infectious disease. Li noted that category A diseases require faster reporting and stronger isolation measures. NHC officials have also explained that upgrading the prevention and control measures to category A is based on the fact that the novel coronavirus is a newly discovered pathogen, the transmission and virulence of which need further observation. Experts also remind the public of the legal obligations of everyone to cooperate with public authorities' epidemic prevention and control measures. For example, the law stipulates that entities and individuals in the country should accept investigations, inspections, sample collection and isolation treatment of infectious diseases by disease prevention and control institutions and medical institutions and truthfully provide relevant information. In the meantime, disease prevention and control institutions and medical institutions are prohibited from disclosing information involving patients' privacy.
WS5e410202a310128217276582	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e410202a310128217276582.html	2020-02-10	China will overcome novel coronavirus, as it has to crisis in the past	A medical worker tests novel coronavirus samples at the Fire Eye lab in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Feb 6, 2020. The new virus detection lab was put into use on Wednesday. [Photo by Zhou Chao/for chinadaily.com.cn] In the Chinese language, the word for "crisis" consists of two characters: "wei" meaning "danger" and "ji" meaning opportunity. Throughout China's history, the nation and its people have responded to each crisis and challenge. They respond collectively and united in overcoming the danger of each crisis. More importantly, they turn each into an opportunity to rebuild, grow and develop further. During the SARS crisis of 2002-2003, China's immediate response of the leadership was to build a hospital for 1,000 patients. This was completed in seven days and seven nights, a remarkable period of time, amazing the world at China's ability to respond so decisively. The SARS crisis helped China to upgrade all of its national sanitation systems and improve overall health care, and public awareness of the importance of personal hygiene, which is now part of the public education system as well. Moreover, the SARS crisis gave China the experience to respond to such crisis effectively. Now, during the current coronavirus epidemic, China's leadership and people have responded with clarity and precision, drawing on the experience of the past. On Jan 23 the leadership made a decision to build a 25,000-square-(Q: we needed to add 'square' here, correct?) meter hospital for 1,000 patients to address the crisis. The design was done within 24 hours and 1,500 workers and 280 construction machines went to work immediately. Within three days all foundation and electrical systems were complete and within 36 hours all 5G and internet, as well as remote diagnosis systems, were in place so they could transmit data and survey patients. On Jan 26 another hospital was ordered to commence construction for an additional 1,300 beds. More temporary hospital facilities are underway. The nation has systematically put into place a complex framework of quarantine systems and checkpoints to contain the virus. By isolating Central China's Hubei province, China is doing its utmost to prevent the virus from spreading beyond the provincial borders, and the borders of China in general. This is an example of exemplary responsibility put into action through a system of organization, cooperation and determination that only China can demonstrate in real time. While many nations have stood beside China with the United Nations, supporting with necessary equipment and sharing of scientific research, other nations have used the opportunity to bash China and even poke conflict. One has to ask, why? Rapid climate change, or maybe better expressed as climate distortion, has led to sequential global natural disasters, and epidemics can be included as an unforeseen outcome of the convulsion of change that our planet is undergoing. This is a global crisis that requires global solutions on all fronts, climate and health care. China is leading in solving its own challenges. However, these are challenges that the whole world must also face. Throughout China's past four decades of rapid economic growth it has met the challenges of alleviating poverty and promoting education and economic advancement with unprecedented achievement. Thirty years ago China was an impoverished and largely agricultural nation. Within these 30 years China has lifted 660 million people from poverty. The target for 2020 has been to eliminate poverty altogether. China has become a model of growth and development. Adopting an ecological civilization policy as a response to pollution and climate change crisis, China has become a global leader in renewable energy and green finance. The emphasis on smart infrastructure to achieve commerce and connectivity has become a key to the Belt and Road Initiative that has brought so many developing nations together in a matrix seeking a common shared destiny of mankind. However, with all of these positive changes, aspects of health care have lagged in many areas. The enormous task of reducing and now eliminating poverty through economic development, infrastructure and more recently, environmental improvements, has been such a strong focus that other areas have required additional reforms and fiscal budgets to catch up. The reality is China does not have enough doctors and their work stress is too much. Facilities are not enough and medicinal regulation is required. While the coronavirus epidemic has presented China with one of its most dangerous challenges in decades, it also has pushed upon China an opportunity for major health care improvements and reforms in insurance, pension, health benefits across the social spectrum. It also raises an additional security concern of health security, alongside traditional security concerns, as well as recently addressed environmental security. It is foreseeable that the years ahead will witness major reforms. Healthcare will become a new business driver for the economy, with all of the health infrastructure, training, research and development with technology that will be required to meet the challenges of humanity. This is in the Chinese spirit of turning danger into opportunity when facing crisis. To a great extent this ability to overcome crisis reflects the inherent spirit of the Chinese people and thousands of years of combined cultural factors: The inclination for rapid organizational response in the Confucian tradition, the ability to adjust to factors of sudden change to acclimate harmoniously to the forces of nature in Taoism and the ability to think clearly in the present and respond to the future with reference to the past that is inherent in the Buddhist traditions of China. Another factor is the ability of the government to respond quickly to crisis through the matrix of organization that has been established from grassroots to the center of government since the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949. This system of government organization is strong and resilient as it is built upon the common and shared characteristics of the Chinese people that have become an inherent part of their culture and cultural response to all situations. These cultural factors make the Chinese people resilient and responsive to crisis. Their positivity allows them to turn each crisis into a new opportunity. And that is exactly what will happen as they overcome this coronavirus epidemic. They will drive into a new era of health reform, community health outreach, research and technology development at every level, in re-building after the crisis. Laurence Brahm is a senior international fellow at the Center for China and Globalization, founding director of the Himalayan Consensus and co-chair of the Silk-Spice Road Dialogues. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e40fd1ca310128217276569	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40fd1ca310128217276569.html	2020-02-10	Let’s win battle against novel coronavirus for deceased Doctor Li	Medical professionals from Beijing's China-Japan Friendship Hospital head to a facility in Wuhan on Feb 3. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/China Daily] Li Wenliang, a Chinese doctor who tried to warn people about the novel coronavirus when it first caused pneumonia in patients in Wuhan, the epicenter of the epidemic, died of the disease before dawn on Friday, according to The Central Hospital of Wuhan. Li, who worked at The Central Hospital of Wuhan, had warned his friends in a WeChat group about the virus when it first emerged. Unfortunately, as an ophthalmologist, he was also infected by the virus after receiving a patient with pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus on Jan. 8. "After I recover from the disease, I will work on the front line of the battle. The virus is still spreading, and I don't want to be a deserter." These words in Li's online post touched the hearts of many netizens. Although it was an individual case, the fact that Li didn't win his fight against the coronavirus has shown the complexity and difficulty of the battle against the epidemic. As many of the late Dr. Li's colleagues are fighting on the front line of the battle, trying their best to save lives, people from all walks of life can actively help pass on love to one another. At present, China has entered a critical stage of epidemic prevention and control work. The country needs solidarity more than ever to jointly win a battle that it cannot lose, so that its people can be protected against disaster and patients around the country can return to health. No one can make an accurate prediction about when the battle will end, but everyone knows that only with sufficient confidence can the people win the battle against the novel coronavirus.
WS5e40fd1ba310128217276565	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40fd1ba310128217276565.html	2020-02-10	China united against new coronavirus	A 9-year-old girl holds a painting sending best wishes to the Chinese people in their fight against the novel coronavirus in Sao Paulo, Brazil on Feb 7, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The 2020 Spring Festival was very different for Chinese people. The outbreak of the new coronavirus, or 2019-nCoV, required attention, patience and close cooperation according to instructions given by authorities. As a result, numerous citizens have had to stay at home and cancel their holiday or business schedule for safety reasons. Despite these precautionary measures and the natural uncertainty about the evolution of the public health crisis, Chinese society has remained significantly united. This is perhaps China’s most important“profit”in the last weeks. Even under extreme circumstances, the public is not disillusioned but determined to fight together with biologists, doctors and the government and tackle the problem. The Chinese leadership never looks for excuses, even if criticism against it in international media is sometimes unfair. The outbreak of the 2019-nCoV and its fast spread was due to a delay in the diagnosis of the virus and in the implementation of measures – mainly to forbid the immediate movement of persons from the city of Wuhanin central China’s Hubei province. Despite flaws that are noted and will shape future actions, the general mobilization of the Chinese government has been impressive and is internationally acknowledged. The battle the Chinese government is waging is twofold. On the one hand, it supports patients. The construction of a hospital in only a few days in Wuhan is a strong example of this. This support also includes efforts to test medicines that can be effective and to develop a vaccine. Meanwhile, the Chinese government provides financial support to people and companies suffering economic losses due to the disruption of their activities. Several Chinese cities have already decided to bailout small companies. As far as the international reaction is concerned, there are countries which do help China with donations. Daily briefings in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs refer to specific cases along with the gratitude of the authorities appreciating support in difficult times. A remarkable one is Japan which has sent masks, goggles, protective suits and other supplies for epidemic prevention and control. Further to this, in his 2020 State of the Union address, President Donald Trump spoke about coordination of actions with China. Sadly, incidents of racism and xenophobia against Chinese citizens and people with Asian characteristics have also occurred. Panic fueled by media reports lead individuals to occasionally show an unacceptable attitude. Blocking entry to specific places due to fear of infection, for example, reminds us of grim practices of the past. It is certainly positive that there are journalists across the world who stigmatize this behavior and warn about the impact of the production of prejudices. It is more likely for people in Europe – where racist incidents occurred – to be infected by seasonal influenza thanby 2019-nCoV. While rumors and malign coverage are not a rare phenomenon, China has already achieved a lot. Public health scholars explain mortality rates of other diseases – such as the 2009 H1N1 flu – had been much higher in comparison to 2019-nCoV. For its part, the World Health Organization is praising the efforts by the Chinese government and is refraining from announcing extreme measures as opposed to the overreaction of a few countries. Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus recently expressed his confidence that Chinese actions would prevail over the epidemic. Chinese citizens deserve an embrace to boost their morale in these critical days. Human values are still existing, aren’t they? So, the Chinese society should know it is not alone in this battle. People are not viruses and a disease does not discriminate. The new coronavirus is an international problem, not a Chinese one. And the victory against the novel coronavirus will be a global one, not a Chinese per se.
WS5e40fd1aa310128217276561	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40fd1aa310128217276561.html	2020-02-10	Solidarity with China against coronavirus	Pakistani Abdul Zahir Hamad (2nd L) and his wife Mauritian Hosany Sumayyah (L) discuss with a colleague about a passenger with abnormal body temperature at a novel coronavirus prevention-and-control checkpoint of an expressway exit in Wenzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province, Feb. 8, 2020. Pakistani Abdul Zahir Hamad and Mauritian Hosany Sumayyah, a married couple, both work as doctors at Panhealth Medical Center in Wenzhou. (Xinhua/Weng Xinyang) The last two weeks have seen China launch a nation-wide mobilization in the fight against the epidemic outbreak of the novel coronavirus, and the courage and resoluteness, as well as the effective measures demonstrated in the fight, have impressed the world. In addition to the domestic response, the international community has provided the broadest support both materially and spiritually for China, and the stories are moving. This suggests a lot, particularly the rule that friendship is always rewarded with friendship. Despite serious concerns, it is expected that the epidemic will soon be controlled as the Chinese government has taken the most swift and forceful measures ever in human history in this regard. Medical resources, especially from the military, witnessed in the past two weeks, have been intensively transported into the city of Wuhan, the most severely affected area. Seriously affected regions around the country have taken toughest restrictions on passenger transportation. Governments at all levels have acted to quarantine those affected or suspected to have the virus. Meanwhile, the public at large has been advised to stay at home for 14 days of the incubation period. Judging by all these strict measures and the full awareness of Chinese people, things will soon change for better, according to experts on epidemics. Most worthy of mention are the moving stories behind the fight against the crisis, some coming from the international community. Shortly after the outbreak of the epidemic, the international community has largely demonstrated its solidarity with China for the fight against the virus by different means. Many countries have donated medical facilities and equipment like masks to China. Spiritual support in addition to material assistance has also been delivered. Leaders across the world have expressed their appreciation of China for maintaining transparency, adopting the toughest control and also for its cooperation with international health authorities. Middle East countries have especially demonstrated their sincere support for China. Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Zarif was the first to express support for China in this regard, and Iran also rushed a million urgently needed masks to China despite itself was under serious economic sanctions. The Burj Khalifa, one of the UAE's most famous edifices, and several other landmark buildings in UAE, were lit up in the evenings expressing solidarity with China over the coronavirus. Children of Turkey, Iran, Israel, Yemen and some other Middle East countries appeared in a variety of videos expressing solidarity with Wuhan and China. All these stories are moving, as they have demonstrated the beautiful and shining part of human nature. The outbreak of the epidemic is a misfortune for China but also for the world as well. With the advancement of communication and transportation, the world has become more and more like a village, and it is natural for those living next door to express sympathy and solidarity to those affected by the disasters. Disasters like epidemics are a threat not only for one nation but for everyone. The massive expression of solidarity in some way also suggests that China has rightly adopted the friendly approach in its relations with members of international community. Differences are always there, but China’s positions on international issues would always aim at the nature of the issues themselves. It will always adhere to the principle of sovereignty of nations in international relations, and China never meddled into the domestic affairs of other countries. In the Middle East, China has never chosen to side with one individual party while opposing the other side. And China never gets involved in the disputes between regional parties, but seeks to promote reconciliation and peace between the conflicting parties. Therefore, the Middle East countries, though differ in religions and cultural backgrounds and are in conflicts with each other over many issues, share the same kind of friendship with China. They might sometimes feel frustrated that China has not sided with them, but finally realize that China’s approach should be most reasonable in maintaining stability in the region. In one word, while China is fighting the virus tenaciously, it is rewarded with friendship, which is a natural expression of human community and is also a reflection of its rightness of applying a friendly approach in foreign relations. Last but not the least, as usual, a crisis often exposes the dark side of human nature, and it is the same with the new coronavirus crisis. For instance, a certain politician is not talking about how to overcome the crisis with joint efforts, but talking about attracting job opportunities by taking advantage of the situation. Some media categorize the virus as Chinese virus, which is an obvious discrimination against a specific race. However, this can never hide the positive shining side of the story.
WS5e40fd19a31012821727655d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40fd19a31012821727655d.html	2020-02-10	Realism and clear-headed thinking a must in the coronavirus crisis	My thoughts are, of course, first with all the Chinese people who are going through a time of serious stress, and in some cases personal tragedy, faced with the coronavirus. Above all, my thoughts are with the Chinese medical and emergency services who are in the front line for all of humanity against this threat not only to China but to every country. But faced with such a serious situation above all what is required is realism and clear-headed thinking – there is absolutely no virtue in "optimism," there is no virtue in "pessimism," and least of all is a virtue in panic or exaggeration. The most useful thing I can do is to analyze clearly the data which is appearing internationally on the virus. Some Western media are engaging in disgraceful attempts to falsify the situation. But fortunately some serious Western organisations, realizing the threat, are giving the most accurate information possible. For example, John Hopkins University, the world-renowned U.S. research university, continues to defy anti-China propaganda in U.S. media by publishing objective data on the coronavirus – so I am going to use its latest data. The first key data is that at the time of writing (Feb. 6) the situation in Hubei is very serious, the mortality rate from those declared with the virus in Hubei is 2.8 percent – a very serious number. The Chinese government, to counter this dangerous threat, is pouring medical personnel into Hubei. But the data shows that this effort, and the quarantine and other decisive measures by the Chinese government, are so far containing a great danger to China and world from developments concentrated in Hubei. Medical workers test novel coronavirus samples at a lab in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Feb 6, 2020. [Photo by Zhou Chao/for chinadaily.com.cn] The success of the Chinese government's measures are shown by the fact that at the time of writing (Feb. 6) the mortality rate in China outside Hubei is only 0.18 percent. That means that for every 1,000 people who catch the disease outside Hubei, 998 survive. This data means clearly that the situation in Hubei is extremely serious, but so far the Chinese government's actions to contain the virus outside Hubei are being successful. Obviously, the decisive question is that these efforts by the Chinese government continue to be successful and that the huge resources being allocated by China to eliminating the virus in its heartland of Hubei are successful. Both China and the rest of the world are therefore relying on the heroic efforts of medical staff, particularly in Hubei but also rest of China, and the Chinese government, to contain the virus. China's actions against the coronavirus are being strongly praised in the West by medical professionals, led by the World Health Organization, which has serious medical knowledge. But Western media figures, who know nothing serious about medical issues at all, are attacking China. This shows the absurd and completely irresponsible behaviour in large parts of the Western media. In summary, if the coronavirus is not contained, it is a serious threat to the whole of humanity in every country. But so far the decisive actions of the Chinese government, which have been strongly praised by the World Health Organization and other responsible international bodies, are containing that threat. The suffering in Hubei province is intense and tension is naturally great throughout China. China's medical teams, who are the front line not only for their country but for humanity, battle to contain the virus. Not only China but the whole world is entirely depending on them.
WS5e40fd18a310128217276559	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40fd18a310128217276559.html	2020-02-10	The NYT is waging information warfare by politicizing the coronavirus	Medical workers disinfects an ambulance transferring patients infected with the novel coronavirus at Huoshenshan (Fire God Mountain) Hospital in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, February 8, 2020. /Xinhua Photo The New York Times published on article on February 8 originally titled "Death of American Fuels Concern Over China's Approach to Coronavirus", which speculated that the death of an American citizen in China who was infected with the coronavirus "was likely to escalate diplomatic tensions over Beijing's response to the epidemic." The title has since been edited as of February 9 to "First American Dies of Coronavirus, Raising Questions About U.S. Response" and the aforementioned passage was changed to read "was likely to add to diplomatic friction over Beijing's response to the epidemic." Other parts of the piece were also edited to tone down the originally provocative innuendo contained within which would have otherwise amounted to an attempt to meddle in the relations between China and the U.S., but the article still reads like an information warfare attack intended to indoctrinate its targeted audience with doubts about China's response to the outbreak. Each life is special but all lives are equal, and the death of an American citizen in China isn't more tragic than the death of a Chinese citizen in China. Focusing on that victim in particular is meant to scare Americans into thinking that China isn't taking this health issue seriously enough. It's interesting that the editorial team felt the need to change the original contents of the article, though, which suggests that they might have received many complaints about their politically driven bias and/or someone in the company had enough journalistic integrity to insist that edits be made in order for the media outlet to avoid being seen as subversively meddling in foreign policy. It's a welcome move that the New York Times had the wisdom to rewrite parts of the article because it represents their tacit acknowledgment that the original wording was wrong, though that doesn't indicate that the hostile spirit of the article itself has changed. The authors continue to sow doubts about China's response to the outbreak of coronavirus and attempt to stir up trouble by making it seem like the U.S. isn't doing enough to protect its citizens in the country, especially those that might already be infected with the coronavirus. Their innuendo isn't as provocative as before, but that doesn't change the fact that their intentions are still nefarious. Instead of just reporting the facts like journalism is traditionally supposed to do, they not only interpret them according to their political bias, but spread speculative "wishful thinking" scenarios. The New York Times conspiratorially implied both within the original article and the edited version that President Trump's praise of China's anti-virus containment efforts is either insincere or naive, relying upon their subjective impression of random social media commentary to hint that everything isn't exactly what it seems. This weaponized narrative also incorporates heresay from unnamed "current and former health officials and diplomats" to assert that China is deliberately refusing supposedly much-needed international assistance because its "top leaders do not want the world to think they need outside help." The inclusion of this information warfare attack against China shows that the New York Times simply switched the article's original focus from meddling in foreign affairs between China and the U.S. to denigrating the professional integrity of China's leadership and therefore the country's global reputation, which has unfortunately become a common tactic of some foreign media as of late. Bearing this observation in mind, it can be said that their editorial changes weren't carried out with the intent of correcting their journalistic malpractice, but to slightly modify the target of their recent campaign to politicize China's response to the virus. Health issues shouldn't be politicized under any circumstances, though that's exactly what the New York Times has done in both the original and edited versions of their article. They should apologize to their readers and especially to the Chinese people, though it's not expected that they'll do so. Their irresponsible editorial policy of politically manipulating the country's response to the outbreak goes against all journalistic ethics by turning the media outlet into an agent of information warfare, one whose agenda is at direct odds with the U.S. president's public praise of China and therefore proves that it's against him just as much as it's against China.
WS5e40fbbda310128217276556	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40fbbda310128217276556.html	2020-02-10	China introduces novel coronavirus close contact detection app	A screenshot of the "close contact detector" app. BEIJING - China has rolled out a mobile app "close contact detector," enabling people to check whether they were at the risk of catching the novel coronavirus. Following its release Saturday evening, users can scan a QR code via mobile apps like Alipay, WeChat or QQ to make an inquiry. After registering with a phone number, users need to enter their name and ID number to know whether they were in close contact with someone infected. Every registered phone number can be used to inquire for three ID numbers. Those who have been in close contact are advised to stay at home and get in touch with local health authorities. The app was developed by the General Office of the State Council, the National Health Commission and China Electronics Technology Group Corporations (CETC). The CETC said the app received support from several government agencies including the National Health Commission, the Ministry of Transport, China Railway and the Civil Aviation Administration of China to ensure accurate, reliable and authoritative data. According to the National Health Commission, close contact refers to someone who has come in close distance, with no effective protection, with confirmed cases, suspected cases or mild cases while the person was ill or showed asymptomatic cases in the following conditions. It includes people who work close together, share the same classroom or live in the same house; medical staff, family members or other people who have been in close contact with patients in a closed environment and other patients in the same room and their caregivers; as well as passengers and crew members who have been in the same transportation facility with patients (confirmed and suspected cases) and infected cases (mild cases and asymptomatic cases). On a flight, for instance, all passengers in the same row and three rows in front and back of the case seat, as well as the flight attendants who provide cabin services in the area, are regarded as being in close contact, while other passengers would be referred to as having general contact. In a fully enclosed air-conditioned train, all the passengers and crew members who are in the same compartment are regarded as being in close contact.
WS5e40d31ba3101282172764c8	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40d31ba3101282172764c8.html	2020-02-10	Thailand enterprise cheers Chinese people in fight against coronavirus	Seacon Square Group donated about 7,000 disposable masks to China through the China Cultural Center in Bangkok on Feb 7. Representatives from the China Cultural Center in Bangkok and Seacon Square Group at the donation ceremony in Bangkok, Thailand, Feb 7, 2020. [Photo provided to Chinaculture.org] The group representative expressed his condolences to the infected people who died from the disease and wishes the Chinese people conquer the epidemic soon. Banner in Chinese supporting Chinese people in fight against the virus was featured on LED screens of the Seacon Square, the group’s mall. [Photo provided to Chinaculture.org] Banners in both Chinese and Thai supporting Chinese people in fight against the virus were featured on LED screens of the Seacon Square, the group’s mall. Banners in both Chinese and Thai supporting Chinese people in fight against the virus were featured on LED screens of the Seacon Square, the group’s mall. [Photo provided to Chinaculture.org] Seacon Square Group is a partner of the center, participating in a 20-day show and sales to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the People’s Republic of China.  Gu Hongxing (right), director of the China Cultural Center in Bangkok at the donation ceremony in Bangkok, Thailand, Feb 7, 2020. [Photo provided to Chinaculture.org]  
WS5e40d117a3101282172764ba	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40d117a3101282172764ba.html	2020-02-10	AU expresses solidarity with China in coronavirus fight	Elfadil Amira, AU commissioner for social affairs, speaks at a press conference in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on Feb 9, 2020. Edith Mutethya/China Daily African Union member states gathering in Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa for the 33rd AU summit have expressed their solidarity with the government and people of China in their efforts to counter the spread of coronavirus and cope with its health and social ramifications. In a communiqué at the end of deliberations during the 36th Ordinary Session of the Executive Council on Friday, ministers of foreign affairs of the AU member states said they are confident China will contain the deadly disease. The ministers expressed confidence in the ability of the Chinese authorities to deal with challenges posed by the epidemic. This is in addition to taking necessary measures in accordance with the internationally applied standards and procedures in coordination with the World Health Organization and Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or Africa CDC. From left: Elfadil Amira, AU commissioner for social affairs; Wyne Musabayana, head of communication at the AU Commission; Cisse Mariama, director of the AU Commission Department of Social Affairs; and Dr. John Nkengasong, director of Africa CDC, at a press conference in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on Feb 9, 2020. Edith Mutethya/China Daily In an interview on the sidelines of the AU summit, António Guterres, secretary-general of the United Nations, applauded China's efforts to contain the disease as well as control its propagation. "This is a serious situation and it requires very strong international cooperation and solidarity," Guterres said. He said despite the need to maintain close cooperation for economic growth, it's important to take necessary precautions to avoid spread of the coronavirus. He said countries should avoid stigmatization that can sometimes accompany situations similar to the outbreak of the virus. Dr. John Nkengasong, director of Africa CDC, discusses Africa’s preparedness for Coronavirus eventuality. Edith Mutethya/China Daily "The international community should keep a strong human rights perspective on how it’s dealing with the coronavirus," Guterres said. Elfadil Amira, AU commissioner for social affairs, said though there has not been a confirmed coronavirus case in Africa, countries are taking necessary preparations for any spread of the disease. "In partnership with WHO, we are doing our best at Africa CDC to support our member states and protect the continent against coronavirus," she said. Dr. John Nkengasong, director of Africa CDC, said they have been holding several meetings and briefings on the coronavirus to ensure the continent is fully prepared for any eventuality. "WHO has already distributed test kits and we will be organizing training with 20 countries on the appropriate use of the kits," he said. Dr. Nkengasong said 15 African countries are currently equipped to carry out coronavirus tests. Initially, only South Africa, Cameroon, Ghana and Nigeria were in a position to do so.
WS5e40c9c9a310128217276474	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40c9c9a310128217276474.html	2020-02-10	7 more novel coronavirus cases confirmed in Hong Kong, bringing total to 36	A medical worker wearing protective gear waits to take the temperature of people entering Princess Margaret Hospital in Hong Kong on Feb 4, 2020. [ANTHONY WALLACE/AFP] HONG KONG - Hong Kong's Center for Health Protection (CHP) has reported seven more patients diagnosed as pneumonia caused by novel coronavirus on Sunday. The seven people had attended the same family gathering last month with two people previously confirmed for the infection. All those patients were proved to be family members of a 24-year-old man, who, along with his grandmother, was the first to be tested positive for the new virus after a family gathering of 19 people on Jan 26 in Kwun Tong district. The total number of confirmed cases in Hong Kong rose to 36 as of 8:00 pm local time Sunday. Epidemiological investigations showed that some of the confirmed cases were locally infected, a CHP spokesman said. "The public should go out less and reduce social activities, and maintain appropriate social distance with other people as far as possible."
WS5e40bddba3101282172763ad	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40bddba3101282172763ad.html	2020-02-10	Taiwan reports first novel coronavirus infection without symptom	[Photo/Agencies] TAIPEI - Taiwan confirmed the 18th novel coronavirus pneumonia case, also the first without symptoms, the island's epidemic monitoring agency said Sunday. The infected individual flew to Italy via Hong Kong on Jan 22 and returned to Taiwan on Feb 1 also via Hong Kong, together with his parents and elder brother, the agency said in a press release. His parents and brother were all confirmed to be infected by the virus earlier this week and showed symptoms of cough or fever, but this man in his 20s has not showed any symptom as of now, the agency said. The authorities have identified a total of 78 people having contacts with the family, it added. The island now has 152 suspected cases under quarantine.
WS5e40b96fa310128217276370	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40b96fa310128217276370.html	2020-02-10	Top surgeon warns against panic over coronavirus	A leading orthopedic surgeon in the United States has warned against unnecessary scaremongering over the coronavirus but urges people in both China and the United States to take simple precautions to avoid catching the virus. David Price Roye, Jr, an emeritus pediatric orthopedic surgeon at Columbia University Medical Center in New York retired from his role at Columbia on Friday and has decided to live and work in China where he has taught and treated patients periodically for over 20 years. He will travel there in mid-February amid the outbreak of the virus which has sparked panic worldwide. But he says he is not worried about traveling to Asia. "I'm not afraid of coming to Beijing at all. I am much more fearful of living in New York and getting the flu. I'm much more likely to die of that than I am of any coronavirus," Roye said. David Price Roye, Jr "This year, so far, in the United States more than 8,000 people have died of influenza. More than 140,000 people have been hospitalized and more than 15 million infections have been documented. These are numbers from the CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention). And yet we don't seem to care. It's just accepted. The death rate from influenza is twice what it is from this new virus." He advises people to carry hand sanitizer and wash their hands frequently. He also believes that it is best not to touch a surface and then your face, eyes or mouth and avoid anyone who is coughing and sneezing profusely by getting two meters away. He adds that there is little evidence that wearing a mask will protect a person from catching the virus. But he says they are good if someone has the flu and wants to prevent giving it to someone else. That helps to keep others safe. The US State Department has urged US citizens not to travel to China amid the outbreak. US President Donald Trump branded the virus a public health emergency and has barred all foreign nationals from entering the country within two weeks of visiting China. But Hua Chunying, a spokeswoman for the Chinese foreign ministry criticized the move. She said in a statement: "There is no reason for measures that unnecessarily interfere with international travel." "The US reaction is a gross overreaction," Roye agrees as he believes that the coronavirus is not like SARS or MERS as it's not nearly as deadly even though it is highly contagious. "Why are Americans so unconcerned about catching the flu which kills them… and they are so very concerned about the coronavirus which is not even here? The risk to the average American of the coronavirus is zero," he said. Roye has a passion for international health care. He runs seminars in the US and China about leadership and management and has a clinical education arm in New York and an office in Boston at Harvard hospital, Stanford, and several other hospitals. He has helped train Chinese physicians in the US offering one to three months observerships in various specialties. He praises China's medical rooms and operating rooms. And he said that the culture respects people with age and experience. He will still carry out surgeries abroad. The surgeon, who has been ranked one of US' top doctors, is married with six children (four of whom are doctors.) He says that all of his children have expressed concern about his trip to China due to the virus, but he assured them that he would be fine. Speaking about the future course of the virus, Roye said: "Antivirals are much more available now and some of them seem to be effective in helping control the coronavirus. I personally don't think there's going to be a pandemic." Ahead of his trip, he says the US and China must try to foster better relations with each other because "Neither country can succeed without the other".
WS5e40b3d4a310128217276323	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40b3d4a310128217276323.html	2020-02-10	Inter beat Milan 4-2, show support to China in battle against novel coronavirus	  Inter Milan players celebrate after the match against AC Milan in Milan, Italy, February 9, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] ROME - FC Internazionale Milano (best known as Inter) beat AC Milan 4-2 in Italy's Serie A on Sunday, catching up with Juventus at the top of the standings with 54 points each. The derby at Giuseppe Meazza Stadium (commonly known as San Siro) in the northern city of Milan saw Inter players wear a special patch with the message "Forza China" as a show of support to the city of Wuhan and China as a whole in the battles against novel coronavirus epidemics. The message "Today and always. Together as a team. Forza Wuhan" was also present in different areas of the stadium. Milan scored twice at the end of the first half: Ante Rebic in the 40th minute and Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the 46th. Inter evened the scores soon after the interval with goals by Marcelo Brozovic and Matias Vecino in the 51st and 53rd minutes, respectively. Stefan de Vrij scored the third goal for Inter with a header in the 70th minute, followed by Romelu Lukaku with another header, three minutes into the injury time. "We're with you, stay strong! This will be Inter's message to the city of Wuhan and the entire Chinese population in this difficult time after the outbreak of the coronavirus epidemics," Inter President Steven Zhang said in a statement issued prior to the match. The young Chinese entrepreneur was appointed president of Inter in October 2018. His father, Zhang Jindong, is the chairman of Suning Holdings Group. Steven Zhang and Inter have donated 300,000 face masks for medical use to Wuhan, where the novel coronavirus epidemic firstly broke out. The Suning Group has supported the cause since the outbreak of the emergency, providing free shipping and donating imported products to hospitals and local institutions in China, the team said in a statement. Inter visited China in 1978, the first top European football club to do so.
WS5e40b2afa31012821727631d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40b2afa31012821727631d.html	2020-02-10	40,171 coronavirus cases confirmed on Chinese mainland	Doctors check health condition of a patient in Nantong, East China's Jiangsu province on Feb 6, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] The Chinese mainland had confirmed a total of 40,171 infection cases of the novel coronavirus pneumonia by Sunday midnight, including 3,062 new confirmations reported on the day, the National Health Commission said on Monday morning. The death toll caused by the highly contagious disease had reached 908 across the mainland, with 97 new deaths reported on Sunday. On the same day 632 people were confirmed to have recovered. Currently, there are 35,982 patients still under hospitalization on the mainland, including 6,484 with serious symptoms. A total of 3,281 infected people had recovered and been discharged from the hospital by the end of Sunday. In addition to the confirmed cases, another 23,589 people on the mainland are suspected to be infected with the coronavirus, waiting for further examinations and confirmation. So far, health authorities across the mainland have traced 399,487 people who have met face-to-face with infected people. A total of 187,518 of them are under medical observation, according to the commission. There had been 36 confirmed infections in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 10 in the Macao SAR and 18 in Taiwan, the commission said. In Central China’s Hubei province, the most affected region in the outbreak, 29,631 cases of infection had been confirmed as of Sunday, said the provincial health commission. The number of confirmed infections increased by 2,618 in the province on Sunday.
WS5e406200a3101282172761a4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e406200a3101282172761a4.html	2020-02-10	AI contributes to coronavirus diagnosis	While infrared thermometers are now used in most subway stations in China to prevent the spread of novel coronavirus pneumonia, the device is not seen at Mudanyuan station on the Beijing subway's Line 10. The station uses an artificial intelligence based fever screening system. Developed by Beijing-based Megvii and put into use on Tuesday, it supports non-contact remote temperature screening from a distance of 3 meters. The system's margin of error is within 0.3 degree Celsius, said Liu Ruiwei, a senior product manager of Megvii. It can send fever alerts for up to 15 people per second. Even for the subway stations with greater traffic, only one employee is required to work on-site, further reducing the risk of infection, he said. "In light of the large group of returnees to major cities after the extended Spring Festival holiday, we built a team of about 100 people before Chinese Lunar New Year to develop the system. With the help of AI technology, we can track the whereabouts of people with fever as well as their close contacts," said Liu. On Tuesday, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology suggested in a public note that AI companies should work together to come up with solutions to discover, prevent and control NCP. More application scenarios should be explored and products that help with diagnosis and rapid testing should enter mass production. The AI algorithm should be further optimized to help with the research of the gene sequencing of the virus and the development of vaccines and drugs, said the ministry. According to Beijing-based market research firm EO Intelligence, medical imaging is the sector where AI technology has been embedded the most. As EO Intelligence has calculated, there were 126 medical AI providers active in the Chinese market by July 2019, with 57 specializing in medical imaging. Established in 2012, Shanghai-based Yitu Technology Co started to study AI-based medical imaging systems in 2016. The intelligent medical imaging evaluation system developed by Yitu has been operating at the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center since Jan 28 to help with the diagnosis of NCP. The evaluation system is able to perform a quantitative analysis of the lungs with the help of artificial intelligence and suggest therapy options. This in turn allows doctors to make faster, more accurate decisions. Shi Yuxin, deputy head of the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center, said that CT imaging is an important reference for the diagnosis and treatment of NCP. The recently introduced AI system can classify the pneumonia caused by the virus according to its severity, precisely calculate the burden on the lungs and provide 4D dynamic pathology comparisons. Traditional quantitative analysis performed by humans would usually require up to six hours. The new AI system is able to perform the same task in just three seconds or less. To date, the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center has used the system to diagnose more than 70 cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus. The results generated have been highly reliable and similar to those produced by doctors. In addition, the system has also been installed in hospitals where the contagion is relatively more serious, including the Union Hospital affiliated with Tongji Medical College of University of Science and Technology, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University and the First Affiliated Hospital of Wen­zhou Medical University. Yitu Technology Co Ltd said that it is willing to perform free installations and upgrades of its imaging products at hospitals designated to treat patients infected with the novel coronavirus. The stock market has responded positively to the use of AI technology in the fight against NCP. According to Shanghai-based market tracker Wind Info, the A-share market's AI sector reported growth for four consecutive days since Tuesday. Shanghai-based AI technology provider Montage Technology, one of the first companies listed on the technology-focused STAR Market, saw its price surge 40 percent over the trading week starting from Feb 3. Hikvision, the AI solutions provider with the largest market capitalization, also saw its share price rise 8 percent during the same period. Fang Cong, vice-president of Yitu's medical business, pointed out that application in clinical environments is essential to the development of AI technology, adding that, as the industry matures, only those addressing true market demand will see sustained development.
WS5e40c40ea310128217276418	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e40c40ea310128217276418.html	2020-02-10	Opportunistic racists jump on coronavirus to spread anti-Chinese sentiment	In response to the novel coronavirus, Chinese citizens and people of Chinese descent around the world are receiving unfair treatment. In Australia, fake news paraded as news releases from the state government have been going around in Sydney and in Brisbane, urging people not to visit areas where there is a Chinese-Australian ratio of 1:3. It's all bogus, racist and incredibly insensitive. On social media actors, journalists and figures are tweeting responses to the racism they've encountered: Simon Liu, a Chinese-Canadian actor, tweeted, "Just reminding you that the coronavirus doesn't give you an excuse to be a dick to Asian people." Twenty-five-year-old Chinese-Australian journalist and writer Yen-Rong Wong tweeted, "RE: racism and#coronavirus－This is the first time I've ever felt physically unsafe in Australia because of my race. I thought we were over this but obviously not." One Twitter user said: "It's just common sense, says the racist". Tammy Ho Lai-Ming, editor of Hong Kong literary journal Asian Cha Journal, tweeted: "I can understand people's frustration about the current#coronavirus situation (I'm frustrated& worried) but this portrayal of mainlanders as zombie-like is offensive&unnecessary. Can we resist the urge to generalise & stigmatise a whole nation of people?" I spoke with one friend, a Chinese national who studied in Boston and who was a summer school student in Hong Kong with me some time ago, who said: "I think it's unfair, when we all are the potential victims, I hate to see people making comments saying Chinese 'deserve' this or we made this happen. "Also some people are using their personal feelings about the Chinese government to respond to the virus outbreak, which is irrational, rude and disrespectful. "I have friends who are doctors and who are fighting on the front line right now. My family aren't together for the Chinese New Year because my dad has to stay in town for any emergencies, he's been having meetings about this for a week and is working basically 24/7. And instead of enjoying the long break to see their families, workers at the factories producing medical equipment are working flat out. "I've been avoiding the comments and reports of Western media because at this point everyone is vulnerable and I don't need some random racists annoying me." Some of them will jump on any chance to play to anti-China sentiment, and here's one. There was a story run in a Sydney tabloid: Haymarket bystanders fear catching coronavirus after man collapses. A man who died from a heart attack on a busy Sydney street did not receive vital cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) that could have saved his life because bystanders feared he might have the virus. Apparently no attempts were made to save his life following videos of citizens in China collapsing in the street due to the novel coronavirus. While this is a tabloid, it demonstrates the deadly impact fake news, anti-Chinese sentiment and dehumanizing a race and country and accusing them of creating a virus can have. There's definitely a story here about racists opportunistically making the most of the virus to spread racial hatred and anti-Chinese government sentiment. Such kinds of sentiment do nothing except spread hate and division. The author is an Australia-based freelance writer. The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.
WS5e4211d0a310128217276985	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/10/WS5e4211d0a310128217276985.html	2020-02-10	MFA Update on Foreign Nationals Infected with Novel Coronavirus: A Chinese American Passed Away	During an online Daily Press Briefing on Monday, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang responded to questions concerning foreign nationals infected with the novel coronavirus in China. Geng said that according to the competent authority, as of 8 a.m. of 10 February, altogether 27 foreign nationals in China are confirmed to be infected with the novel coronavirus. Of them, 3 have been cured and discharged from hospital, 2 have died (the countries concerned have been notified), and 22 are receiving treatment under isolation. Geng said that at 7 p.m. of 6 February, a Chinese American passed away in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Throughout the treatment process, the Chinese side kept in touch with the relatives in China and made best efforts to save the patient. We mourn the loss. The US side has already been notified through the diplomatic channel, and we will continue to assist the US side and the family in handling the follow-up matters. Geng said that China sets great store by protecting the life and health of foreign nationals in Wuhan, and has taken robust measures to promptly address their legitimate concerns and demands. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus on several occasions advised against hasty evacuation of foreign nationals. The best thing to do is to stay where they are and take proper self-protection. We hope these professional recommendations of WHO are respected. Of course, for countries that wish to bring back their citizens in Wuhan, the Chinese side will make arrangements and provide necessary assistance and facilitation in line with international practice and China's provisions on epidemic control.
WS5e401494a310128217276191	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/09/WS5e401494a310128217276191.html	2020-02-09	Nanjing cures, discharges 22 novel coronavirus patients	Nanjing of East China's Jiangsu province had cured and discharged 22 novel coronavirus patients by Sunday afternoon. The city has discharged cured patients for six consecutive days from its designated hospital for treating coronavirus patients. The provincial capital, which has a population of more than 8 million, reported 71 novel coronavirus cases as of midnight on Satuday. The city has traced 1,519 close contacts of the patients and 397 are still under medical observation.
WS5e3ff96ca31012821727615f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/09/WS5e3ff96ca31012821727615f.html	2020-02-09	Coronavirus: All of quarantined cruise crew test negative	A general view shows the World Dream cruise ship, docked at the Kai Tak cruise terminal in Hong Kong on Feb 6, 2020. [PHILIP FONG/AFP] HONG KONG – All of the 1,800-plus crew members of a quarantined cruise ship, World Dream, docked at Kai Tak Cruise Terminal tested negative to the novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) which has infected 26 locally and over 37,000 on the Chinese mainland. Announcing the news on Sunday afternoon, Leung Yiu-hong, chief port health officer of the Centre for Health Protection of the Department of Health, said all members on board the cruise ship, including the 1,800 passengers, could leave the ship. The process was expedited as the CHP mobilized all medical resources and manpower that it could to finish the checks on Sunday instead of Tuesday as it previously expected, said Leung. The cruise ship has been docking at Kai Tak Cruise Terminal in Hong Kong since Wednesday. All people on board have been quarantined since then after eight passengers from the Chinese mainland who had traveled on the ship between Jan 19 and 24 were found to be infected with the virus. Asked if any medical surveillance would be given to the passengers when they get off, Leung said there is no need as all passengers currently on board have had no contact with the eight infected patients.
WS5e3feedda310128217276124	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/09/WS5e3feedda310128217276124.html	2020-02-09	1st and only coronavirus patient in Cambodia fully recovers	PHNOM PENH -- The first and only novel coronavirus patient in Cambodia has fully recovered and will be discharged from the hospital on Monday, said a news release from the Health Ministry's Communicable Disease Control Department (CDCD) on Sunday. The patient, a 60-year-old Chinese man from the central Chinese city of Wuhan, was Cambodia's first and only confirmed case of novel coronavirus pneumonia. He has tested negative for the virus three times. "The coronavirus patient has completely recovered and will be allowed to leave the hospital on Monday, Feb 10," said a CDCD news release posted on its official Facebook page. The man tested positive for the virus on Jan 27. He, along with his three family members, had arrived in southwest Preah Sihanouk Province on Jan 23 and stayed at a hotel after he developed symptoms on Jan 25. All his three family members had not been infected with the virus. According to the CDCD, so far, there have been no new confirmed case of the virus in the Southeast Asian country.
WS5e3febe0a310128217276120	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/09/WS5e3febe0a310128217276120.html	2020-02-09	Areas less impacted by coronavirus outbreak urged to expand local business	Employees of an export company in Nantong, Jiangsu province, work overtime to manufacture facial masks amid the novel coronavirus outbreak. [Photo by Xu Congjun/For China Daily] China has advised areas less affected by the novel coronavirus epidemic to expand local businesses, as part of its larger efforts to shore up the domestic supply of necessities and urgently needed goods to fight the outbreak, the Ministry of Commerce said on Sunday. "We must step away from the one-size-fits-all model,"said Wang Bin, deputy director of the ministry's department of market operation and consumption promotion. "In areas hit badly by the epidemic, we should focus on restoring production of daily necessities and increase supply channels. While in areas less affected by the epidemic, we need to expand the operation." Wang noted the supply of daily necessities mainly depends on large chain companies. "So far, 95 percent of large supermarkets have resumed normal operation, and 35 percent of the large department stores and shopping malls have resumed business," Wang said on Sunday at a news conference in Beijing. With the increase of returning groups going back to work after the holiday and the growing demand for daily necessities, the ministry is stepping up efforts to speed up the production and increase market supply. On Feb 1, the ministry issued a notice to urge enterprises to adopt flexible measures, such as rational rostering method to offer catering, shopping and other basic services. And more than 200,000 stores of nearly 300 large retail enterprises have actively answered the call to ensure supply, stabilize prices and continuously run the business. In the next step, the ministry will work with other relevant departments to further speed up the production and increase the supply. More efforts are also needed to keep the agricultural products transportation unimpeded.
WS5e3fc166a3101282172760cc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/09/WS5e3fc166a3101282172760cc.html	2020-02-09	Respond to coronavirus with facts, not fear	A touching video has gone viral on social media in recent days, delivering the powerful message that care and support, instead of fear and prejudice, are needed when such a dreadful disease as the novel coronavirus has hit humanity. In the video, a young Chinese Italian man stands in the middle of a busy square in Florence, blindfolded and wearing a face mask, next to a sign that reads in Chinese, English and Italian, "I'm not a virus, I'm a human being. Eradicate the prejudice." Some passers-by took pictures of him, and more hugged him. Such heart-warming reactions have also been found among many countries and international organizations that have chosen to stand in solidarity with China, and provide assistance as the fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) rages on -- in stark contrast to those that have indeed overreacted, if not intentionally. One important reason not to overreact to the epidemic is that it is unnecessary. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), as of Friday, there have been 270 novel coronavirus cases reported from 24 countries outside China, less than 1 percent of all cases of infection. Also, the UN health agency has repeatedly advised against international trade and travel restrictions despite the fact that some countries have rushed to impose them. What's more, overreacting is counter-productive and so is scaremongering. "Such restrictions can have the effect of increasing fear and stigma with little public health benefit," argued Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the WHO. This unwanted spread of fear could give rise to "Chinaphobia" in many parts of the world. Already, some incidents have proven such worries are valid. Chinese tourists were spat at in Italy's Venice. In Britain's Sheffield, Chinese students were reportedly pushed and verbally abused for wearing face masks. Some biased media outlets even tagged the novel coronavirus as a "China virus" to stoke the "China threat" mentality. Most importantly, countries around the world do not need to panic because Beijing has so far been taking resolute and comprehensive measures to contain the epidemic. China has quarantined the city of Wuhan in Hubei Province, the epicenter of the outbreak, which has a population of 11 million people, built two hospitals from the ground up in less than two weeks, mobilized a nationwide campaign, and cooperated with countries that desired to fly their citizens out of China. These measures have won growing global recognition and are gradually yielding positive results. As China struggles to fight the disease, it needs help. Yet overreactions could have a chilling effect on international health cooperation and undercut a coordinated global response. In modern human history, how to respond to a health emergency has always been a tough question facing decision-makers all around the world as they need to weigh urgency and prudence at the same time. "Overreaction can be just as damaging as underreaction," Jeremy Brown, director of the Office of Emergency Care Research at the U.S. National Institutes of Health, wrote in an article published by the Wall Street Journal, referring to it as one of the "lessons worth heeding" from the annals of epidemics in the United States. Right at the moment, tens of thousands of medical professionals as well as researchers are racing against time to do what they can to defeat the NCP. As they are looking for an effective remedy, those who are expecting and suffering need to know that fear is never going to be part of the cure.
WS5e3f6086a310128217276063	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/09/WS5e3f6086a310128217276063.html	2020-02-09	Confirmed coronavirus infections on mainland up to 37,198	People walk through Jianguomen subway station, as the country is hit by an outbreak of the new coronavirus, in Beijing, Feb 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The number of confirmed infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland climbed to 37,198 as of Saturday midnight, including 811 deaths, according to the National Health Commission. Among them, 2,656 confirmed cases and 89 deaths were newly reported on Saturday, the commission said. A total of 3,916 suspected cases were reported on Saturday, bringing the total number of suspected cases on the Chinese mainland to 28,942 as of Saturday midnight, the commission said on Sunday. The number of confirmed cases rose to 26 in Hong Kong, including one death, as well as 10 in Macao and 17 in Taiwan, with each having one patient discharged from the hospital after recovery, the commission said. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 371,905 people with close contact with patients, with 188,183 of them still under medical observation, according to the commission. A total of 2,649 people on the mainland have been discharged from the hospital as of Saturday midnight, the commission said.
WS5e3f5bb5a31012821727605a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/09/WS5e3f5bb5a31012821727605a.html	2020-02-09	Hubei adds 2,147 new novel coronavirus cases, 81 more fatalities	A nurse in a protective suit feeds a novel coronavirus patient inside an isolated ward at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, during the Lantern Festival, which marks the end of the Chinese Lunar New Year celebrations, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Feb 8, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Central China's Hubei province, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, reported 2,147 new confirmed cases and 81 new fatalities on Saturday, bringing the two numbers up to 27,100 and 780, respectively, according to the province's health commission. In Wuhan city, the number of confirmed cases rose to 14,982 as of Saturday at midnight, followed by Xiaogan and Huanggang, with more than 2,000 confirmed cases. The number of confirmed cases in the two cities climbed to 2,436 and 2,141, respectively, the commission said. A total of 23,638 suspected cases were reported on Thursday in the province, it said, adding that among them, 12,918 cases have been under centralized quarantine, and 1,128 had been excluded as new virus infections. Jiang Chaoliang, Party chief of the province, said on Saturday night that it would finish testing all suspected cases in Wuhan in two days and concentrate medical resources on the treatment of the confirmed cases. A total of 20,993 people sickened by the virus are still under medical treatment in the province, including 4,093 people with serious symptoms and 1,154 in critical condition, the commission said. Health authorities there have traced 123,827 people who had close contact with patients, with 70,438 of them still under medical observation, according to the commission.
WS5e3ebe1ca310128217276035	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3ebe1ca310128217276035.html	2020-02-08	Can taking a hot bath or using air conditioning kill the novel coronavirus?	Taking a hot bath or blowing air conditioning cannot kill the novel coronavirus.  Although the novel coronavirus is vulnerable to heat, it can only be effectively inactivated after exposure to a 56 C temperature for over 30 minutes.
WS5e3eb86fa310128217276021	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb86fa310128217276021.html	2020-02-08	Are antibiotics effective in preventing and treating the new coronavirus?	Rumors said taking antibiotics can prevent and treat the new coronavirus. The fact is, antibiotics do not work against viruses, only bacteria. The new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a virus, and therefore antibiotics should not be used as a means of prevention or treatment. However, if you are hospitalized for the 2019-nCoV, you may receive antibiotics because bacterial co-infection is possible.
WS5e3eb7f5a31012821727601e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb7f5a31012821727601e.html	2020-02-08	Does the new coronavirus affect older people, or are younger people also susceptible?	Rumors have alleged older people are more susceptible to the new coronavirus. The fact is, people of all ages can be infected by the new coronavirus. Older people and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes and heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus. WHO advises people of all ages to take steps to protect themselves.
WS5e3eb7aea31012821727601d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb7aea31012821727601d.html	2020-02-08	Can sun exposure kill the novel coronavirus?	Sun exposure cannot kill the novel coronavirus.  The irradiation temperature of the sun cannot reach 56 C, and the ultraviolet rays cannot reach the intensity of ultraviolet lamps, so the virus can't be killed by the sun. If you want to go out for a sun bath, please wear a mask and take other protective measures.
WS5e3eb77aa31012821727601c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb77aa31012821727601c.html	2020-02-08	Does putting on sesame oil block the new coronavirus from entering the body?	Rumors said putting on sesame can help block the new coronavirus from entering your body. The fact is, sesame oil does not kill the new coronavirus. There are some chemical disinfectants that can kill the 2019-nCoV on surfaces. These include bleach/chlorine-based disinfectants, solvents, 75% ethanol, peracetic acid and chloroform. However, they have little or no impact on the virus if you put them on the skin or under your nose. It can even be dangerous to put these chemicals on your skin.
WS5e3eb719a31012821727601b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb719a31012821727601b.html	2020-02-08	Can eating garlic help prevent infection with the new coronavirus?	Rumors said eating garlic can protect people from getting infected with the new coronavirus. The fact is, there is no evidence that eating garlic does help, although garlic is a healthy food that may have some antimicrobial properties.
WS5e3eb6b6a31012821727601a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb6b6a31012821727601a.html	2020-02-08	Can gargling mouthwash protect you from infection with the new coronavirus?	Rumors said using mouthwash will protect people from the new coronavirus. The fact is, some brands of mouthwash can eliminate certain microbes for a few minutes in the saliva in your mouth. However, this does not mean they protect you from 2019-nCoV.
WS5e3eb643a310128217276019	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb643a310128217276019.html	2020-02-08	Can regularly rinsing your nose with saline help prevent infection with the new coronavirus?	Rumors have alleged regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from the new coronavirus. The fact is, there is some limited evidence regularly rinsing nose with saline can help people recover more quickly from the common cold. However, regularly rinsing the nose has not been shown to prevent respiratory infection.
WS5e3eb5bea310128217276014	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb5bea310128217276014.html	2020-02-08	Do vaccines against pneumonia protect you against the new coronavirus?	Rumors said vaccines against pneumonia can protect people from getting infected with the new coronavirus. The fact is, vaccines such as the pneumococcal vaccine and the Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine do not provide protection against the new coronavirus. The virus is so new and different that it needs its own vaccine. Researchers are trying to develop a vaccine against 2019-nCoV, and the World Health Organization is supporting their efforts.
WS5e3eb498a310128217276013	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3eb498a310128217276013.html	2020-02-08	Can pets spread the new coronavirus?	Rumors said companion pets, such as dogs or cats, can be infected with the new coronavirus. The fact is, at present, there's no evidence companion animals can be infected with the new coronavirus. And it's always a good idea to wash your hands with soap and water after contact with pets. This protects you against common bacteria such as E. coli and salmonella that can pass between pets and humans.
WS5e3e97dea310128217275fee	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3e97dea310128217275fee.html	2020-02-08	Explainer: All you need to know about novel coronavirus	Want to know more about the novel coronavirus? Here's what we know so far--How quickly is it spreading? What's the fatality rate? How much will it spread? How to protect yourself and more.
WS5e3e7ff9a310128217275fcd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3e7ff9a310128217275fcd.html	2020-02-08	"Something's not right here folks"​ | A look at USA 2009 H1N1 Virus compared to China 2020 Coronavirus	Medical workers cheer for each other in the ICU (intensive care unit) of Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, Jan. 24, 2020. [Xinhua/Xiong Qi] When the United States 2009 H1N1 swine flu emerged, it eventually infected 60 million and initially killed a minimum of 18,449 cases that year. But the final story of the H1N1 global pandemic was far worse than that, with close to 300,000 deaths, according to the final tallies in 2012 reported by the CDC, as you will read below. Which is why I am scratching my head at how bizarrely negative forces are attacking China and Chinese people as it engages a remarkably aggressive front addressing this Corona virus outbreak which was first reported in Wuhan, Central China. I am forced to ask and answer a few questions. During 2009 H1N1 outbreak, I don't recall xenophobic anti-America attacks across the globe, do you? In fact, do you recall it took six months for the US to declare a national emergency? Did any government from the onset in April 2009 through the end in April 2010, including the month of June, when H1N1 was declared an international emergency global pandemic, then send out a notice to its citizens that they should leave the United States? Close their borders to American travelers? Nope, not a peep. Like I said, something's not right, folks. I am reading hateful vicious attacks on the Chinese government for their supposed intentional conspiracy to intentionally under report the number of infections, yet that is exactly and always the case with such flu outbreaks no matter what country and the CDC reports illustrate that crystal clear. The US H1N1 swine flu numbers were vastly underestimated and updated three years later, because dear friends, that is the nature of such viral outbreaks which don't care which country they started in. There is never enough man power, there are never enough test kits, there is never enough medicine or medical supplies. China is not trying to hide these hardships, they are well known, they are being reported on the news daily in China. There are always people who die, thousands of them whom we'll never know if they actually died because of a particular virus. Those are the facts, not any problem unique to China's healthcare system or government. Its not a conspiracy, its just tragedy. According to the June 27, 2012 research report followup three years later, it gets much more disturbing when you learn about the CDC's final estimate of the H1N1 virus global death toll. You and I find at this at this article at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy website, the CDC's 18,449 total deaths number was "...regarded as WELL BELOW THE TRUE TOTAL, mainly because many people who die of flu-related causes are not tested for the disease." So during the 2009 outbreak, was anyone accusing the American medical and government authorities of hiding the numbers? Were Americans with hidden cameras strolling into the Mayo Clinic to PROVE how many people were really dying? The absurdity of these vicious attacks are that whether or not a person specifically does have the Corona virus or some other viral bug presenting as pneumonia, the treatment is the same supportive treatment anyway. Something's not right here folks. The world should be applauding China's unprecedented, broad, aggressive response. (WHO officials and many other government and healthcare officials across the globe are.) I am on the ground here in China READ IT HERE watching with my own eyes and it is quite incredible by any measure, not to mention an enormous economic sacrifice. Instead of looking at the will of an entire system of government acting faster than any other government on the planet could, we are one month later, still busy bashing a few local government officials in Wuhan who should have told us a couple weeks sooner. And yes, that is true those local officials screwed up. And by the way, those officials are in deep trouble for it. Just like the recent Puerto Rican politicians who are in trouble when we learned they didn't distribute hurricane emergency supplies that were sent to them to help during last year's terrible hurricane. A disgrace. Individual people screw up all the time and hopefully justice gets served later, but that's not an indictment of an entire country's government. Secondly, on this point, every provincial government has sent out a notice to its government officials pretty much saying that if they are stupid enough to do the same, they will face the wrath of harsh punishment. I don't doubt it for a moment. Lets contrast to what countless western politicians have gotten away with and remain in office to remind all of us that human error, stupidity and greed is not unique to any particular skin color or race or country. "What about..." reactions don't help. And here's the mic drop for you: "The CDC researchers estimate that the H1N1 2009 pandemic virus caused 201,200 respiratory deaths and another 83,300 deaths from cardiovascular disease associated with H1N1 infections." Total: 284,000 deaths. Shocking, isn't it? Was there a travel ban for any length of time to and from the United States? Did China, Germany, Japan or any other country close their border to American travelers? Today I noticed in the updates that following the United States Department of State policy suggesting US citizens leave China, the United Kingdom embassy just released the same recommendation to subjects of the kingdom. In 2009, did UK subjects in America get a notice from their kingdom to leave America? No. Did the world suggest we isolate from America? Close the US borders!? No. Did Americans get xenophobically attacked and targeted by anti-American sentiments like the Chinese are experiencing now? Um, no. Fascinating and disturbing to say the least. If you're an expat currently in China, unless you're in Wuhan, fact is that you're most likely safer and more peaceful and more stable by simply staying put than by leaving right now. You couldn't be safer than in this country, where almost everyone is staying home and dutifully isolating themselves with awareness. Not to mention that the Chinese government's decision to safeguard the society, the families, the people, is coming at a devastating economic cost in the hundreds of billions. I have a friend in Mesa, Arizona. He told me earlier that the big popular China City buffet, a huge busy place, has no customers. Does that make any sense at all? Let's test our ability to reason, to be rational: If you were in Miami and you heard that there was a virus outbreak that started in Milan, in central Italy, would you cancel your dinner reservation at the Italian restaurant that night in South Beach? No. Would you buy a pizza next week at Joey's Pizzeria in Delray Beach? If you were in Singapore and you heard there was a virus outbreak in Dallas, Texas in the central United States, would you stop going to your favorite local Texas southern BBQ restaurant with the owner from Houston, in Singapore? Would you avoid olive-skinned dark-haired Italian-looking people on the street in Chicago? Would you avoid big guys wearing cowboy hats, cuz they're obviously from Texas in Singapore cuz there's a virus in Dallas and they might have just gotten off the plane? There's a strange senseless bullying extremism and activism in today's society and you should do your best to avoid it and not be a part of it. It is fomented by a small group of extremist activists while definitely not supported by your average mainstream person who is simply exhausted by their outrage-inducing antics. Finally, here are some straight up, sensible accurate descriptions of this Corona virus which was discovered in Wuhan, China. Its not called the China virus and neither was H1N1 called the America virus. Whether two weeks or two months from now, this flu season type virus will have passed and the joy of Spring will have arrived. Just like every flu season. However, don't misunderstand me. The extra caution and the remarkable response by the Chinese governments and people together to quell the spread of this virus was warranted because, yes it is correct that this corona virus is nastier than the usual annual flu bug, as was H1N1 in 2009. As of now, what we can confidently note the following regarding this Corona virus: This Corona virus is highly contagious, it spreads quite easily. It binds to lung tissue and so in particular, likes to cause pneumonia, that's what infection of lung tissue is. That's more severe than a respiratory infection which is only in your throat or bronchial tubes. The Corona virus currently has a 2% death rate. That's a lot higher, around 20x higher, than a more typical annual flu virus with a death rate of 0.1%. However, a 2% death rate is still much lower by comparison to the SARS virus which had a 9% death rate or the MERS virus with a really nasty 37% death rate. The Corona virus is causing severe symptoms in 10-15% of cases. 80% to 90% of deaths from this virus are happening in elderly patients, mostly with other existing health problems, not younger people. That characteristic by the way, is in contrast to the America 2009 H1N1 swine flu virus which in fact had a higher death rate amongst younger people including children rather than those over 60 years old. China identified and shared the Corona virus genome in record times, in only days and of course, immediately shared it with all international health and disease organizations. Medical researchers are already discovering that certain existing anti-viral medications seem to be effective against this Corona virus. Its impossible not to marvel at China's broad and aggressive domestic response directed by the provincial level governments to restrict movement, restrict transportation, restrict business for a period of time combined with the voluntary dutiful cooperation of its 1.3 billion citizens who are in the majority quietly staying at home these weeks to let the virus pass; this model response is already being hailed by the international community as a remarkable unprecedented response setting a new standard in understanding what is possible for future outbreaks in whatever country they may occur. Is it inconvenient and costly. You bet. Like I said, something's not right with the way humanity is responding to what's happening here. I haven't put my finger on it because well, its certainly complex and the world is upside down in many other ways that I also can't for the life of me understand or explain without ending up writing a very thick book. But I do know this: It needs to stop. This vicious, political, xenophobic racist attacks and smearing of all things China needs to stop. Its really not helping anyone in the political corridors of Washington nor is it doing anything to help the man on the street who is just concerned with taking care of his family. My family is originally from the Basilicata region of Italy, the little hillside Italian towns of Potenza and also, Grottola, which is just outside of Matera. They left their home country and moved to America where I was born, in Yonkers, New York. America became their home and it was my home until I left, too. Now over two decades ago, I left the United States, the country I was born in, the country that has plenty to admire and plenty to improve. But I left and I came to China and now China is my home. If you had asked me thirty years ago if this was my life plan on planet earth, I would have said you were nuts or a really bad fortune teller. But that's how it has turned out. I am truly blessed with my lovely Chinese wife and our family living here in Shenyang in China's northeast. You get my meaning? I am a mature adult like many with the powers of observation. I can easily see that whether we are talking about China or the United States or any other country, their societies and their governments have good points and bad points. The xenophobia needs to stop now. Whether in a couple of weeks or months later, this nasty flu type Corona virus will begin declining and the joy of Spring will arrive. Between now and then if you don't have anything good, anything supportive to say about China or Chinese people, how about you just keep your mouth shut. The author is freelance author and commentator.  The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e3e7d97a310128217275fc3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3e7d97a310128217275fc3.html	2020-02-08	Shanghai officials reveal novel coronavirus transmission modes	[Photo/Agencies] Confirmed transmission routes of the novel coronavirus include direct transmission, contact transmission and aerosol transmission, a Shanghai official said on Saturday. “Aerosol transmission refers to the mixing of the virus with droplets in the air to form aerosols, which causes infection after inhalation, according to medical experts,” said Zeng Qun, deputy head of the Shanghai Civil Affairs Bureau. “As such, we have called on the public to raise their awareness of the prevention and control of the disease caused by family gatherings,” said Zeng during at a daily media briefing by the municipal government regarding efforts to contain the spread of the virus. Experts explained that direct transmission refers to infection caused by inhalation of air close to a patient who sneezes and coughs, while contact transmission occurs when a person touches an object tainted with droplets containing the virus before infecting himself through subsequent contact with the membranes of his mouth, nose and eyes. The government has urged residents to avoid gatherings, open windows to help with ventilation, practice good personal hygiene and regularly disinfect their homes, especially areas like door handles, dinner tables and toilet seats.
WS5e3e7087a310128217275fad	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3e7087a310128217275fad.html	2020-02-08	WHO details protective measures against novel coronavirus	[Photo/Agencies] BEIJING -- The World Health Organization (WHO) has published an article on the basic information, transmission mechanism and protection measures relating to the novel coronavirus in a Q&A format, amid global efforts to tackle the outbreak. The following is the text of the article. Q1: What is a coronavirus? Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses found in both animals and humans. Some infected people are known to cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). Q2: What is a "novel" coronavirus? A novel coronavirus is a new strain of coronavirus that has not been previously identified in humans. The "novel" coronavirus, now called 2019-nCoV, has not previously detected before the outbreak was reported in Wuhan, China in December. A recovering pneumonia patient gives a thumbs-up to medical workers at Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital on Jan 30, 2020. [GAO XIANG/FOR CHINA DAILY] Q3: How dangerous is the novel coronavirus? Infection with 2019-nCoV can cause mild symptoms including a runny nose, sore throat, cough, and fever. It can be more severe for some persons and lead to pneumonia or breathing difficulties. More rarely, the disease can be fatal. Older people and people with pre-existing medical conditions appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus. Q4: Can 2019-nCoV be transmitted from person to person? Yes, it can be transmitted from person to person, usually after close contact with an infected patient. Medical staff from Shanghai attend medical training in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, Jan 25, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Q5: What can I do to protect myself? Wash your hands frequently with soap and water or use an alcohol-based hand rub. Maintain social distancing -- maintain at least 1 meter distance between yourself and other people, particularly those who are coughing, sneezing and have a fever. Avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth. If you have fever, cough and difficulty breathing, seek medical care early. Q6: Should I wear a mask? Wearing a medical mask can help limit the spread of some respiratory disease. However, it should be combined with other prevention measures including hand and respiratory hygiene and avoiding close contact. Couriers from JD deliver parcels in Wuhan, Hubei province. [Photo by Zhou Guoqiang/For China Daily] Q7: Is it safe to receive a package from China or any other place where the virus has been identified? Yes. From experience with other coronaviruses, we know that these types of viruses do not survive long on objects, such as letters or packages. Q8: Are there any specific medicines to prevent or treat 2019-nCoV? To date, no. Some specific treatments are under investigation and being tested through clinical trials. The following measures are not specifically recommended as 2019-nCoV remedies as they are not effective and can be even harmful: taking vitamin C, smoking, drinking tradition herbal teas, wearing multiple masks, taking self-medication such as antibiotics which do not work against viruses.
WS5e3e52cca310128217275f7d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3e52cca310128217275f7d.html	2020-02-08	Tips from foreign woman to prevent novel coronavirus	During the emergency period, staying at home is the best choice to control and prevent the novel coronavirus. However, people need to go outside to get some food once in a while. Lara who lives in Hainan goes to supermarket with HIMC reporter and introduces some tips to prevent the virus. "I use a surgical mask and then I’ll take a cotton mask for extra protection," Lara said to the reporter while wearing masks. Lara is careful about personal hygiene and she always keeps three things in her bag, which are hygiene wet wipes, hand sanitizer and tissue. "Going to the supermarket is the highlight of my week," said Lara excitedly. She usually stocks up the food that lasts long and comes to the supermarket for fresh ingredients once or twice a week. Cleaning the shopping cart with wet wipes is the first thing that Lara does in the supermarket and she also reminds the reporter not to touch the handrail. Living a healthy lifestyle, Lara selects some fresh fruits and vegetables that help boost people’s immune systems. Apart from food, she also buys detergent and hand sanitizer which are necessary to prevent the virus during the emergency period. When leaving the supermarket, she cleans her hands with the hand sanitizer that she always keeps in her bag.
WS5e3e1b20a310128217275f12	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3e1b20a310128217275f12.html	2020-02-08	34,546 coronavirus cases confirmed on Chinese mainland	A road to Wuhan Tianhe International Airport is seen deserted due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China, Feb 7, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus-caused pneumonia has rose to 34,546 on the Chinese mainland as of Friday at midnight, including 722 deaths, according to the National Health Commission. Of them, 3,399 confirmed cases and 86 deaths were newly reported on Friday, the commission said. A total of 4,214 suspected cases were reported on Friday, bringing the total number of suspected cases on the Chinese mainland to 27,657 as of Friday at midnight, it said. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 345,498 people who had close contact with patients, with 189,660 of them still under medical observation, it said. As of Friday, a total of 2,050 patients have recovered and been discharged from the hospital on the mainland, it added. Hubei province, the center of the outbreak, reported 2,841 new cases and 81 new deaths on Friday, bringing the two figures up to 24,953 and 699 respectively, according to the province’s health commission. It added that 19,835 patients in Hubei are being hospitalized, of whom, 4,188 are serious cases and 1,007 are in critical condition.
WS5e3d1daca310128217275d93	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3d1daca310128217275d93.html	2020-02-08	Pangolin could be coronavirus intermediate host: Study	A typical coronavirus particle structure in pangolins is seen via electron microscopy. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Animal pathogen genome sequence up to 99 percent identical to those in humans The pangolin may be an intermediate host for the novel coronavirus, given that the genome sequence of a virus strain taken from the animal was up to 99 percent identical to that of the virus that attacks humans, a study has found. Intermediate hosts can serve as a bridge between the source of the virus and a host such as humans. The study, jointly conducted by researchers from South China Agricultural University and other scientific research institutes, may be of great significance to the prevention and control of the virus outbreak, which had caused 31,261 confirmed infections on the Chinese mainland as of late Friday. The study's results, announced on Friday at a news conference held by the university and the Guangdong Provincial Lab of Lingnan Modern Agricultural Sciences and Technology, included analyses of more than 1,000 samples from wild animals. It pointed to pangolins, a type of scaly anteater, as the most likely intermediate host, officials said. Through molecular biological testing, it revealed that the pangolins in the study tested positive at a rate of 70 percent for a type of coronavirus that includes the novel coronavirus. Electron microscopy shows a typical coronavirus particle structure in pangolins, according to the study. Researchers who analyzed the virus genome found the sequence between the isolated virus strain and the human strain involved in the outbreak was up to 99 percent identical. "We hope the study will be helpful for scientific prevention and control of the disease, as well as providing references for further scientific research of the novel coronavirus," said Liu Yahong, president of South China Agricultural University. Liu also said scientists think the study may "offer a scientific basis for policies related to the control and protection of wild animals". Liu also is executive deputy director of the Guangdong Provincial Lab of Lingnan Modern Agricultural Sciences and Technology. Zeng Guang, chief epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said more scientific studies need to be done into the exact transmission route of the viruses infecting animals and humans. "Trade and consumption of wild animals of all kinds should be banned. Otherwise people will suffer," Zeng said. Shen Yongyi, a professor at South China Agricultural University, said there might be more than one intermediate host of the novel coronavirus. "Pangolins, along with other small carnivores, may be potential intermediate hosts of the virus," Shen said. Most of the pangolins used in the study were not from the Wuhan seafood market, which has been closed. "We need more samples from the market to complement the research," said Shen. Previously, a study published in the academic journal Science China Life Science said the novel coronavirus is likely to have originated in bats, but there may be intermediate hosts between bats and humans. China has taken strong measures against the wild animal trade during the novel coronavirus outbreak, with the country's ministries and commissions jointly launching a special campaign to regulate the market on Monday. On Jan 31, police in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, confiscated some nationally protected wild animals, including the oriental rat snake and common moorhen, from a farmers market in the city's Baiyun district. In Guizhou province, police recently confiscated four wild boars, 27 pheasants, two hares and eleven wild goats after inspections in seven local farmers markets. In Yixing, Jiangsu province, police said they detained a man surnamed Wang who was accused of illegally killing five squirrels and 10 yellow weasels.
WS5e3de0baa310128217275ec9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3de0baa310128217275ec9.html	2020-02-08	US will spend $100 million to help China, others fight coronavirus	[Photo/IC] The United States announced on Friday that it stands ready to spend up to $100 million to assist China and other countries affected by the novel coronavirus epidemic. "We encourage the rest of the world to match our commitment. Working together, we can have a profound impact to contain this growing threat," US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said in a statement. The State Department has facilitated the transportation of nearly 17.8 tons of donated medical supplies to the Chinese people, including masks, gowns, gauze, respirators, and other vital materials, according to the statement. He said the US government's commitment would be met through existing funds "both directly and through multilateral organizations", and the support, "along with the hundreds of millions generously donated by the American private sector, demonstrates strong US leadership in response to the outbreak". Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said on Wednesday that a batch of supplies from the US had arrived in Wuhan, the epicenter of the epidemic and capital of Central China's Hubei province. By Thursday, the virus outbreak had killed 636 people on the Chinese mainland, where the number of newly confirmed infections rose by 3,143, a second-consecutive daily slowdown, bringing the total to 31,161 cases, China's national health authorities said. Worldwide, about 240 cases have emerged in two dozen countries.
WS5e3ddd70a310128217275ec6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3ddd70a310128217275ec6.html	2020-02-08	WHO warns of global shortage of coronavirus protective equipment	The WHO logo. [Photo/Agencies] The world is facing a chronic shortage of gowns, masks, gloves and other protective equipment in the fight against the coronavirus epidemic, the head of the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday. The UN agency has been sending testing kits, masks, gloves, respirators and gowns to every region, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told the WHO executive board in Geneva. "However, the world is facing a chronic shortage of personnel protective equipment, as you might Tedros said that he would be talking to the pandemic supply chain network to "identify the bottlenecks and find solutions and push (for) fairness in distribution of equipment". By mid-day Friday, there were 31,211 confirmed coronavirus cases in China and 637 deaths, as well as 270 cases in 24 other countries with one death, Tedros said. "For the last two days there had been fewer reported infections in China, which is good news, but we caution against reading too much into that. The numbers could go up again," he said. REUTERS
WS5e3db71da310128217275ead	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3db71da310128217275ead.html	2020-02-08	More coronavirus cases on cruise ship marooned off Japan	The Diamond Princess, owned by Miami-based Carnival Corp. [Photo/Agencies] Dozens more people on a cruise ship quarantined in the port of Yokohama, Japan, tested positive for the coronavirus on Friday and thousands of passengers remained confined to their cabins, only allowed on deck briefly for fresh air. The Diamond Princess, owned by Miami-based Carnival Corp, was placed on a two-week quarantine on arriving at Yokohama on Monday after a man who disembarked in Hong Kong was diagnosed with the virus. Japanese Health Minister Katsunobu Kato told a news conference that 41 people on the liner had tested positive for coronavirus on Friday, bringing the total of confirmed cases to 61. Twenty-one of the new cases were Japanese. Those infected were taken off the ship and moved to hospitals in Tokyo and neighboring towns, the health ministry said. Blue and white tarpaulin sheets were hung up to screen them from the view of other passengers. The 61 cases came from a sample of 273 people who had been tested because they had showed symptoms or been in close contact with those who did. More tests will be done if any more passengers develop symptoms, Kato said. About 3,700 people are aboard the Diamond Princess, which usually has a crew of 1,100 and a passenger capacity of 2,670. REUTERS
WS5e3d97b7a310128217275ea3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3d97b7a310128217275ea3.html	2020-02-08	CDC director warns against shunning over coronavirus	[Photo/Agencies] A director of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said Thursday that the immediate risk of infection from the novel coronavirus is low in the United States and therefore Asians shouldn't be shunned as possible carriers of the illness. "There's no reason for the American public to fear Asians in our community," Dr Nancy Messonnier, head of the CDC's National Center of Immunization and Respiratory Diseases in Atlanta, said during a conference call with reporters. She decried an attack on a woman wearing a surgical face mask on the New York subway earlier this week. At the Grand Street subway station in Manhattan's Chinatown on Sunday, a man called a woman wearing a face mask a "diseased bitch" and attacked her. The assault was recorded by a bystander and posted to social media. It wasn't clear the victim was Asian because her face was obscured by the face mask and she wore glasses. "I'm not sure if the woman was Asian or not," the bystander told the New York Post. "I couldn't tell." The bystander said the attacker "got very close to the woman's face" and then "hit her on the head". The woman sustained a bloody lip and an abrasion on her forehead but she declined medical treatment. On Thursday, a spokesman for the New York Police Department said the victim hadn't filed a report and therefore there is no investigation. The first New York City patient to undergo testing for the coronavirus doesn't have the deadly ailment according to test results from the CDC, the city's health department said. The unidentified 40-year-old fell ill after returning from a trip to China. Results are still pending for two other city patients undergoing testing for the coronavirus. Messonnier said face masks aren't now recommended in New York or anywhere in the nation. "The individuals who are at high risk, based on US data, are those folks who are returning from the most impacted areas. They are being treated cautiously to keep them safe," she said. Messonnier said everyone should take common sense steps to prevent spread of the virus, including frequent and vigorous hand-washing with soap, avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands as well as covering nose and mouth when sneezing or coughing. "We continue to believe that the immediate risk for the novel coronavirus in the United States is low," she said in the conference call with members of the foreign press that was sponsored by the US State Department. "We have a window of opportunity to slow the spread of the virus and give ourselves time for additional preparation." "Despite years of planning, we need to remain humble and understand that we may not have planned for everything," she said. "We expect to see additional cases of novel coronavirus infection globally and in the United States among returning travelers and their close contacts." On Thursday, the World Health Organization (WHO) said it will convene a scientific meeting in Geneva on Feb 11-12 to focus on speeding development of treatments, diagnostic tests and vaccines. WHO officials said at a news briefing in Geneva that scientists still don't know exactly how the virus is transmitted and how many people develop severe symptoms that can be fatal and how many have mild cases. "We know its DNA," said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of WHO. "We know it can be transmitted from one person to another. We know those most at risk are older people and those with underlying health conditions." "There is still a lot we don't know," he added. "We're shadow boxing." Messonnier said the confirmed virus case in Wisconsin, the 12th in the US, doesn't indicate an unexpected spread of the virus. Messonnier said the CDC has developed and is distributing diagnostic test kits to laboratories throughout the nation. Initially, 200 kits will be distributed domestically and 200 will be offered to selected international labs. Each kit can test 700 to 800 patient samples. Additional kits are in production. "Distribution of these tests will improve the global capacity to detect and respond to this new virus," she said. About 800 people at CDC are working to limit the spread of the coronavirus, including about 200 at airports to screen passengers coming to the US from China. The US government has temporarily suspended entry of foreign nationals who have visited China in the last 14 days.
WS5e3de0cda310a2fabb7a2018	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3de0cda310a2fabb7a2018.html	2020-02-08	Hotels act to protect guests amid coronavirus outbreak	Amid the coronavirus outbreak in China, hotel groups that would normally make a fast buck during the Spring Festival holiday are taking measures to protect their guests. They have been swifter to act than they did with SARS in 2003. Experts with Hoteln, a consulting firm for the hospitality industry, have noted that hotels now have a better ability to resist risks, especially large-scale hotel chains. The effect of the outbreak is only temporary and will soon be over. The coronavirus began in December and continued into Spring Festival－one of the country's biggest economic events with the busiest travel rush. Considering this, most cities in China extended the holiday until Feb 9. The public are being told to stay at home rather than having family reunions or trips. As millions of people have postponed or canceled their travel plans, hospitality companies at home and abroad are waiving cancellation fees or offering free changes. Top-end international hotel chains are following guidance issued by the World Health Organization to protect guests from the coronavirus. Marriott International is waiving cancellation fees for hotel stays through Feb 29 for guests traveling to or from China. "The well-being of our guests and associates is of paramount importance," it said in a statement. Wyndham Hotels and Resorts is sending medical supplies to its hotels in China for distribution to workers, guests and members of the community. It has announced a modification and cancellation waiver for all guests who plan to travel to any Hilton-branded property in China between Jan 22 and Feb 29. Those planning to travel from China to a Hilton property in other countries can also have their penalties waived. InterContinental Hotels& Resorts has a similar practice. According to the company, guests traveling to or from China between Jan 23 and Feb 29 will be able to change or cancel a valid booking reservation via the hotel, IHG.com, the IHG App, or the IHG Central Reservations Center, free of charge. Homegrown hotels, including Wanda Hotels and Resorts, are doing the same. Of 300,000 hotels on Ctrip, China's largest online booking platform, which had agreed to refunds on bookings between Jan 22 and Feb 8, four-fifths are domestic. Huazhu Group is implementing a series of non-touch room services. Guests can serve themselves food and check-in and out via a mobile app. What lies ahead for the hospitality sector is unknown. Analysts at Guotai Junan Securities said epidemics have the widest and the most severe effect on the tourism industry and its like, compared with other crises. "The tourism revenue of the Spring Festival holiday is expected to account for about 10 percent of the year's tourism revenue. This year will see great losses," said Yang Yanfeng at Beijing Union University. Zhou Mingqi, founder of T-identifier Think Tank, said stock market felt the effect too. Hotels and airports that would have benefited from the Spring Festival holiday have experienced a plunge in share prices since Jan 20. "How big the impact of coronavirus will have on the tourism industry depends on the development and control afterward," he said. In an interview, Liang Jianzhang, co-founder of Ctrip, said that back in 2003 SARS was a blow to the entire industry but its effects came and went quickly. Tourism and related industries bounced back in the month after SARS ended. So did Ctrip. He said coronavirus may hurt the Chinese tourism industry's first-quarter profits. In fact, the period is a relatively low season for the industry. February and March after the Spring Festival are not the most critical months for trade. That means the effect throughout the year is expected to be relatively controllable. "There will be business opportunities after the outbreak. I hope hoteliers can stay calm and not be pessimistic. They will manage if they actively and diligently adjust themselves and equip with alternative plans," said Ma Yingyao, who is chairing Qingdao Sunmei Group. yinruowei@chinadaily.com.cn Chefs at Wanda Realm Wuhan in Hubei province cook lunch for front-line doctors and nurses staying at the hotel, which will be delivered to their rooms. CHINA DAILY The hotel's staff members help to load and transport donated medical supplies. CHINA DAILY Wanda Hotels and Resorts is waiving cancellation fees for bookings until Feb 29 due to the coronavirus outbreak. CHINA DAILY
WS5e3e2123a310128217275f43	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/08/WS5e3e2123a310128217275f43.html	2020-02-08	Pangolin may be bridge for coronavirus	The pangolin may be an intermediate host for the novel coronavirus, given that the genome sequence of a virus strain taken from the animal was up to 99 percent identical to that of the virus that attacks humans, a study has found. Intermediate hosts can serve as a bridge between the source of the virus and a host such as humans. The study, jointly conducted by researchers from South China Agricultural University and other scientific research institutes, may be of great significance to the prevention and control of the virus outbreak, which had caused 31,261 confirmed infections on the Chinese mainland as of late Friday. The study's results, announced on Friday at a news conference held by the university and the Guangdong Provincial Lab of Lingnan Modern Agricultural Sciences and Technology, included analyses of more than 1,000 samples from wild animals. It pointed to pangolins, a type of scaly anteater, as the most likely intermediate host, officials said. Through molecular biological testing, it revealed that the pangolins in the study tested positive at a rate of 70 percent for a type of coronavirus that includes the novel coronavirus. Electron microscopy shows a typical coronavirus particle structure in pangolins, according to the study. Researchers who analyzed the virus genome found the sequence between the isolated virus strain and the human strain involved in the outbreak was up to 99 percent identical. "We hope the study will be helpful for scientific prevention and control of the disease, as well as providing references for further scientific research of the novel coronavirus," said Liu Yahong, president of South China Agricultural University. Liu also said scientists think the study may "offer a scientific basis for policies related to the control and protection of wild animals". Liu also is executive deputy director of the Guangdong Provincial Lab of Lingnan Modern Agricultural Sciences and Technology. Zeng Guang, chief epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said more scientific studies need to be done into the exact transmission route of the viruses infecting animals and humans. "Trade and consumption of wild animals of all kinds should be banned. Otherwise people will suffer," Zeng said. Shen Yongyi, a professor at South China Agricultural University, said there might be more than one intermediate host of the novel coronavirus. "Pangolins, along with other small carnivores, may be potential intermediate hosts of the virus," Shen said. Most of the pangolins used in the study were not from the Wuhan seafood market, which has been closed. "We need more samples from the market to complement the research," said Shen. Previously, a study published in the academic journal Science China Life Science said the novel coronavirus is likely to have originated in bats, but there may be intermediate hosts between bats and humans. China has taken strong measures against the wild animal trade during the novel coronavirus outbreak, with the country's ministries and commissions jointly launching a special campaign to regulate the market on Monday. On Jan 31, police in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, confiscated some nationally protected wild animals, including the oriental rat snake and common moorhen, from a farmers market in the city's Baiyun district. In Guizhou province, police recently confiscated four wild boars, 27 pheasants, two hares and eleven wild goats after inspections in seven local farmers markets. In Yixing, Jiangsu province, police said they detained a man surnamed Wang who was accused of illegally killing five squirrels and 10 yellow weasels.
WS5e3d8068a310128217275e9d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d8068a310128217275e9d.html	2020-02-07	New drug tested in fight against coronavirus	[Photo/Agencies] A medical expert active in the fight against the ongoing novel coronavirus epidemic in China said on Friday night that medical professionals are using randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials to see whether the experimental drug Remdesivir can be effective in curbing the virus. Zhao Jianping, head of the respiratory and critical care department at Tongji Hospital of Tongji Medical College in Wuhan, said Chinese medical workers are expecting good results of such trials and are closely monitoring users' conditions. "Remdesivir is so far the most effective drug in terms of arresting viral growth in lab cells but lacks evidence on its effectiveness on humans," he said at a news conference in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province and epicenter of the outbreak. "We need to examine and verify its safety and potency with a scientific approach so we resorted to randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials." Two thirds of participants infected with the coronavirus-related pneumonia have been given Remdesivir, which was originally developed as an Ebola cure, in the trials that started in Wuhan on Wednesday. The rest will receive existing medical measures. All of the patients are receiving care by doctors, said Zhao, who is also a consultant to the Hubei provincial government on medical measures against the new coronavirus. A total of 761 patients were divided into two groups and are participating in two trials -one trial to assess the drug's potency on 308 cases with mild or moderate infection, and the other on 453 severely infected patients. Speaking of when the drug will be used by all infected people, Zhao said that there are strict assessment methods on new medicines and in the case of Remdesivir, doctors will observe the disease's developments after patients use the drug. Doctors will monitor key indicators such as whether it can help seriously infected people end their reliance on ventilator. He also explained that medical professionals are confident about the drug's safety because previous trials in foreign nations including those on some Ebola patients have proved that "it has no major adverse reactions". Gilead Sciences, developer of Remdesivir, said in a recent statement that it has been working with government agencies on the novel coronavirus response efforts. However, the company stressed that Remdesivir is an experimental medicine that has only been used in a handful of patients on compassionate grounds, "so we do not have an appropriately robust understanding of the effect of this drug to warrant broad use at this time."
WS5e3d75b1a310128217275e97	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d75b1a310128217275e97.html	2020-02-07	Hotlines for foreigners amid novel coronavirus outbreak	None
WS5e3d74e4a310128217275e90	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d74e4a310128217275e90.html	2020-02-07	Oldest coronavirus patient makes full recovery in Nanjing	A 95-year-old woman, China's oldest novel coronavirus patient, was cured in Nanjing, East China's Jiangsu province, on Friday afternoon. She was confirmed infected with the virus on Monday and received treatment at Nanjing Public Health Center. She has been paralyzed for years, and was infected when she was having dinner with nine relatives at home on Jan 23. The woman now lives at the center, because her family members are still receiving treatment and cannot take care of her.
WS5e3d698aa310128217275e76	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d698aa310128217275e76.html	2020-02-07	Sister cities support Gansu in anti-coronavirus fight	A nurse checks a traveler's body temperature at the airport in Zhangye, Northwest China's Gansu province, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo by Wang Jiang/for chinadaily.com.cn] After the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China, many international sister cities and organizations expressed their solidarity to Gansu province. In his letter to Gansu Governor Tang Renjian, Oklahoma's Secretary of State Michael Rogers said: "our two regions have had an historic relationship for the past 35 years, and there exists a natural affinity between the people of Gansu and Oklahoma. Our collective prayer continues to be for a rapid containment and cure of the infection, as well as a successful operation to assist those affected by it." Akita prefecture in Japan is the first sister city of Gansu, standing firmly with the province at each difficult moment over the past 40 years. Akita Governor Norihisa Satake wrote to his counterpart Tang, "Our thoughts go out to all the affected individuals and families in Gansu Province; we pray the disease will be controlled soon". Along with the letter came 2,800 medical facemasks and gloves. Florida Province in Uruguay maintains regular exchange with Gansu, although the two regions are far apart from each other. Intendant Guillermo Lopez said in his message to Tang, "we support the anti-coronavirus work made by Gansu province and the Chinese government, we highly appreciate your government gives equal care and treatment to citizens and foreign residents in the province." President Kravtsov Vladimir Vladimirovich of Grodno Oblast, Belarus, extended his deep feelings of compassion and solidarity to Gansu people, and encouraged the Chinese medical and administrative personnel to be strong and stay confident in this battle. In addition, Christchurch City Mayor Lianne Dalziel in New Zealand, Alba County President Ion Dumitrel in Romania and Osh Governor W. Zhilkibaev in Kyrgyzstan sent similar letters to the Gansu provincial government, and a number of friendship associations from Georgia, Uzbekistan, Switzerland, Hungary, the US,and Canada gave good wishes to Gansu's people through the Gansu Provincial Foreign Affairs Office. Zhu Yuming contributed to the story.
WS5e3d6919a310128217275e6c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d6919a310128217275e6c.html	2020-02-07	Concerns grow after Taiwan 'confirms' false coronavirus case	Night view of Taipei 101, Taiwan, China. [Photo/VCG] There is obvious doubt in the number of confirmed novel coronavirus infections in Taiwan that the island has reported to the mainland, according to information provided by the National Health Commission and local Taiwan affairs office. The island's health department notified the mainland on Wednesday one passenger who had taken a charter flight to Taiwan from Wuhan, Hubei province on Monday was confirmed to be infected with the virus on Tuesday. However, the Taiwan affairs office of Wuhan said on Friday the man in the case reported by the island told the office that he hasn't been infected. Due to the lockdown of Hubei province to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus, many Taiwan residents who live in the province, there on a business trip or traveling can't return to the island because all flights have been canceled.  To help them return home, the mainland arranged to put them on charter flights. The first batch of 247 Taiwan residents took a charter flight to Taiwan from Wuhan on Monday. According to the Taiwan affairs office of Wuhan, the Taiwan residents who took the charter flight back to the island have all made written commitments on their health conditions and have had quarantine inspections as required. The office said it has been keeping in touch with the Taiwan residents who took the flight from Wuhan to the island to track their health condition. The office contacted the Taiwan resident in the confirmed case reported by the island and found the man hasn't been infected with the virus, it said. From Wednesday afternoon to Friday morning, the office contacted the man several times and was told he was fine, his CT scan result was normal and he has never received any notification of confirmation. The "confirmed case" on the charter flight raised concerns in the island. In recent days, island authorities have been speculating about the "confirmed case", and made use of it to delay more charter flights to take Taiwan residents back to the island, the office said. "But the confirmed case reported by Taiwan is different from what we actually know. The island authorities should give an explanation," it said. The pressing matter now is to arrange return trips of Taiwan residents in Hubei, the office said, adding the island authorities' attempt to cover up their real purpose of delaying the return of Taiwan compatriots is clear. Two flights arranged by the mainland that were to take about 890 Taiwan residents from Hubei to the island on Wednesday and Thursday weren't carried out as scheduled, because of obstruction from island authorities.
WS5e3d51f1a310128217275e4c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d51f1a310128217275e4c.html	2020-02-07	Coronavirus infection peak still uncertain despite two days of decrease	Two medics treat a patient with novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] It might still take a few days for the novel coronavirus outbreak to reach its peak, even though the number of confirmed cases has dropped for two consecutive days, renowned Chinese respiratory expert Zhong Nanshan said on Friday. It's good that confirmed cases are decreasing, which means that early detection and early isolation have worked, yet it is still too early to say the epidemic has reached a turning point, Zhong said at a conference in Guangdong province. The main treatment for patients in critical condition is still life support, as the effect of some medicine needs more testing, Zhong was quoted by the Guangdong-based Nanfang Daily as saying. He said there have been some clinical trials for traditional Chinese medicine, which hopefully can be used in epidemic prevention and treatment for patients with mild symptoms, he said. Zhong also reminded medical workers to follow standard protection procedures to protect themselves, and they should take turns working since it's easier to get infected when fatigued.
WS5e3d48c9a310128217275e3c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d48c9a310128217275e3c.html	2020-02-07	China's economy to withstand novel coronavirus	A vegetable plantation is seen in Haikou, South China' Hainan province on Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The pneumonia epidemic caused by the novel coronavirus poses a severe threat to the Chinese public health. In this challenging time, countries and people across the globe have expressed their solidarity with the Chinese people, and some have extended their valuable support. Nevertheless, people with hidden concerns are also wondering, as a global economic powerhouse, will the world's second largest economy stand the test of the epidemic? Short-term effect In the short run, we need to be objective and realistic to judge, and not underestimate the impact of the epidemic on China's economy. To respond to this ferocious epidemic, the Chinese government initiated such measures as lock-down of certain cities, restrictions on public transport, extension of the Lunar New Year holiday and 1st-level response mechanism. Since the outbreak in late January, the epidemic has produced substantial negative impact on China's consumption, particularly on transportation, tourism, hotels and restaurants, movies and entertainment sectors. To make matters worse, the epidemic broke out when uncertainties and instability abound in the global economy. China itself is undergoing the transition from high-speed growth to high-quality growth, globalization is facing with unprecedented challenges and the China-US trade friction is just beginning to show signs of stabilization. As a consequence, the epidemic is definitely bringing more downward pressure on the economy. Impact surmountable The scope and depth of the impact directly depends on the progress and effectiveness of the epidemic prevention and control. Therefore, I believe we should find out first whether the epidemic is local, temporary and limited and then see whether the counter measures are effective. Also we need to factor in the fundamentals of the economy. First, based on the assessment by experts, the epidemic is “local” in nature, basically confined to Hubei province, especially Wuhan, and moreover, China's prevention and control efforts are gradually paying off with the confirmed cases in places outside Hubei steadily declining. Starting from February 1, the number of cases cured has notably exceeded the number of fatalities, even in the severely afflicted province Hubei, which is an important sign that the epidemic is controllable and curable. Those Chinese experts also agreed that relevant data revealing a turning point of the epidemic just around the corner. While the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) lasted for eight months in 2003, judging from the current situation, we now are confident that the novel coronavirus epidemic will not last as that long and the overall situation is turning for the better. Second, despite the short-term negative impacts of the epidemic on China's consumption, China's booming digital economy still generates new points of growth, which will help offset China's economic losses sustained as a result of the epidemic. China's advanced digital technology has powered online shopping, food-ordering and entertainment. Furthermore, China has a complete industrial chain and the fight against the epidemic has pulled the growth of China's manufacturing industry. It's worth noting that, medical supplies and supplies for people's daily necessities are provided with the resumed production inside China rather than with imports or foreign assistance. Third, the Chinese government has an extremely powerful capability for macro adjustment and control with rich resources. The Chinese government has allocated, since the epidemic broke out in late January, a total of 47 billion yuan in its prevention and control efforts, and on this basis, it will further formulate a series of policy measures to stimulate its economy. When chairing the meeting of Standing Committee of the Political Bureau on February 3, President Xi Jinping made a requirement that while Hubei province should focus on the epidemic prevention and control, other regions should on one hand effectively counter the epidemic and on the other ensure this year's economic and social development objectives be met. The following measures are the key points of our efforts for the next stage: --To closely monitor the economic performance with the focus on the impact of the epidemic on the economy and preparations should be made for any potential complexities and difficulties. --On the precondition of effective epidemic control, spare no efforts to support the resumption of production by all types of enterprises. More financial support will be provided, more newly invested projects will be initiated and on-going projects will be implemented more actively. --To optimize the investment structure. Priority will be given to allocating more budget appropriations of the central government for building emergency medical treatment and quarantine facilities in the heavily affected areas. --To continue to focus on the last battle for poverty elimination. In line with the strategy of rural revitalization, the prevention and control of this epidemic will be used as an opportunity to intensify to improve the living environment and public health system in rural areas. --To ensure the stabilization of consumption and new consumption potentials should be unleashed more rapidly to better meet the residents' demand for a healthy life. Apart from all these, some local governments have also taken preferential measures to support the development of SMEs. We have reasons to believe that with the benefits of all these measures, China's economy will rapidly get rid of the impact of the epidemic and go back onto the normal path of growth. A grander prospect Although there are uncertainties in China's economic development even without the epidemic, generally speaking, the epidemic will not change the fundamentals, the strong resilience and the long-term positive trend of the Chinese economy. We have full capacity and confidence to win over the epidemic and to minimize its impact. Our confidence in China's economy is attributed to the following factors: China's complete industrial system with a rational industrial set-up, the Chinese government's strong macro adjustment capabilities with ample resources, and China's close interactions with the world economy, and etc. First, China is already the second biggest economy in the world. In 2019, its GDP was close to 100 trillion yuan with per capita GDP standing above $10,000, thus making China a middle-income country. China has the most complete industrial system in the world with a solid industrial foundation and an even more rational industrial set-up, and this vast country's economy closely intertwines with the global economy. These fundamental conditions and achievements will not undergo big changes because of the epidemic. Many people compare the impact of novel coronavirus with SARS, however, the size of Chinese economy now is as nine times as big as that back in 2003 and China now has much stronger material foundation and emergency response capacity than that time. Second, the current financial data including those on import and export already show that many positive factors remain in China's economic development and that the economy is more inherently resilient, serving as a long-term support for the stabilization of the economy and the steady operation of the financial market. These long-term positive factors will not be reversed by the epidemic. On February 3, the first day of trading in the Chinese stock market after the Lunar New Year, despite the 8 percent drop, there was still an inflow of 20 billion yuan of foreign capital into the Chinese stock market on that single day. This demonstrates from one aspect that the international investors are still holding a bullish view of China's securities market and the growth prospect of the Chinese economy. Third, the epidemic will bring profound insight into the future development and upgrading of the Chinese economy. The attention paid to innovation, new economy and the health industry will become the new driving forces for China's economic growth in the future. The industries of medical care and life science will enjoy new development. With the rolling out of 5G, the new economy represented by e-commerce, particularly intelligent manufacturing, smart cities, smart public services and smart medical care will grow profoundly, thus uplifting China's position in the global industrial chain. It is also noteworthy that when the 14th Five-Year Plan is formulated, the current epidemic will be fully factored in and that many new stimulus measures will be taken in the next five years. Fourth, when it comes to external factors, the timely conclusion of the phase one trade agreement between China and the US at the beginning of 2020 will stabilize the economic and trade ties between the world's two biggest economies and will improve China's external economic environment. Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) recently commented, the IMF supports China's efforts to tackle the outbreak, and is confident that China's economy remains resilient. In a recent press briefing, IMF spokesperson Gerry Rice also noted that China is a large economy with the resources and the resolve to effectively meet the challenge of the outbreak. While echoing the sentiments of IMF, we are fully convinced that, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China, given the solid fundamentals of its economy and the ample policy tools, the Chinese government and people will overcome the difficulties before us, and will unleash even tremendous growth momentum for China's economy. At present, certain country's behaviors toward the epidemic are obviously exaggerated, overreacted and even discriminatory, which not only depart from the World Health Organization (WHO) provisions on measures under Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC), but also are irresponsible and not in the interest of the general public across the world. Such practice will also disturb international economic exchanges, world trade and global market. China has contributed 34 percent of the global economic growth in the past decade and at the same time is the biggest trading partner of more than 130 countries. It is good news to all countries that China's economy will maintain a good growth momentum after emerging from the impact of the current epidemic and will power the growth of the global economy. The author is Counsellor of the Permanent Mission of China to the United Nations in Vienna.
WS5e3d450aa310128217275e3a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d450aa310128217275e3a.html	2020-02-07	Data 'insufficient' to prove mother-child coronavirus transmission	There is not sufficient data to prove a mother-to-child transmission of the novel coronavirus, experts said in Beijing on Friday. Cases of newborns infected with the novel coronavirus raises the question of whether mother-to-child transmission through the placenta can take place. Objectively speaking, current data is not sufficient to support that conclusion, said Wang Guiqiang, a member of the Society of Infectious Diseases of the Chinese Medical Association. Earlier, two newborns were confirmed to be infected with the novel coronavirus in Wuhan Children's Hospital, Hubei province, the outbreak center, with the age of 30 hours old and 17 days old. The mothers of the two were also diagnosed as infected. The child may be in contact with maternal secretions during the delivery, Wang said. In this case, contact transmission may be more important. At present, the novel coronavirus is a mainly respiratory virus; a few patients may have the virus in the intestinal tract, but the nucleic acid test didn't reveal this, he added. "If there is mother-to-child transmission through the placental barrier, it needs a high concentration of the virus in the blood," Wang said. "But the positive rate of nucleic acid testing in the blood is not high." Preliminary findings suggest exposure to newborns is more likely to cause the transmission, but further study is needed, Wang added. The youngest newborn was born on Feb 2 to a mother who was diagnosed with the novel coronavirus. To avoid the influence of amniotic fluid and other factors, a coronavirus nucleic acid test was conducted 30 hours after birth and showed infection. The 17-day-old newborn was born on Jan 13 in good condition. A maternity matron visited the family on Jan 22, and the mother was diagnosed as infected later. The baby was diagnosed on Jan 31. It can be confirmed this baby was in close contact with the infected, which suggests newborns can also be infected.
WS5e3d2db7a310128217275dfc	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d2db7a310128217275dfc.html	2020-02-07	Foxconn to manufacture masks amid coronavirus epidemic	The logo of Foxconn, the trading name of Hon Hai Precision Industry, is seen on top of the company's building in Taipei, Taiwan March 30, 2018. [Photo/Agencies] GUANGZHOU -- Tech giant Foxconn Industrial Internet (Fii) has succeeded in its trial production of masks and is currently applying for product certification amid the coronavirus outbreak. Fii made an announcement on Friday that the masks will be first used to protect some 1 million Foxconn employees from infection before being provided to others outside the company. The company has built production lines to make masks in Shenzhen's Hualong plant and expects to reach a daily capacity of 2 million by the end of February.
WS5e3d27d0a310128217275dcd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d27d0a310128217275dcd.html	2020-02-07	Has the CCDC withheld info on the novel coronavirus outbreak?	[Photo/Agencies] A paper about the novel coronavirus published in The New England Journal of Medicine on Wednesday (Jan 29) has sparked a storm of criticism among Chinese netizens, some of whom claim the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention has withheld important information about the outbreak. In the paper, a team of Chinese researchers, including those from the center, drew on data from 425 confirmed cases as of Jan 23 and stated "there is evidence human-to-human transmission has occurred among close contacts since the middle of December 2019." The conclusion has led some people to believe such evidence had already been discovered by Chinese researchers in December. Some have accused researchers and CDC officials of intentionally covering up the risk of transmission among people out of self-interest to gain academic clout. Is the allegation true? "The conclusion is a deduction based on a retrospective study that looks back on epidemiology research of infected cases," the CDC said in a statement, reaffirming the risk of the virus spreading among people was not discovered at the onset of the outbreak in December. The center said information about the 425 cases analyzed in the paper, including the infection of 15 medical workers, had already been released to the public before researchers conducted the study. Evidence of person-to-person transmission of the coronavirus during the outbreak was first disclosed to the public by Zhong Nanshan - who leads a senior-level expert team convened by the National Health Commission - on Jan 20, before studies associated with the paper began. The center added the prompt release of research results on the virus in academic journals is meant to share the latest information with scientists in China and abroad, joining efforts to evaluate the outbreak and improve control measures.
WS5e3d2475a310128217275db9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d2475a310128217275db9.html	2020-02-07	Recovery figures show positive signs in coronavirus fight	Medical workers cheer for each other in the ICU (intensive care unit) of Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Severe or even critical patients infected with the novel coronavirus will be able to recover under positive medical treatment, according to Wang Guiqiang, member of the Society of Infectious Diseases under the Chinese Medical Association. Based on a small sample study, about 6 percent of patients that had been discharged in Wuhan, Hubei province, center of the epidemic , used to have serious symptoms, and less than 1 percent of the total used to be in critical condition, he said Friday at a news conference. The numbers have "greatly boosted our confidence", he said. According to the National Health Commission, a total of 11,618 confirmed cases were reported in Wuhan, with 478 people discharged from hospital as of Thursday at midnight. With more medical forces across the country, especially ICU teams, assisting Wuhan, fatalities are expected to see a sharp decrease, he added.
WS5e3d2222a310128217275da5	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d2222a310128217275da5.html	2020-02-07	Small town caters to big demand for fabric amid coronavirus outbreak	The situation has created a huge demand for masks. As of Monday, daily production of masks exceeded 14.8 million by factories in 22 provincial-level regions, up 3.1 percent from the previous day. [Photo/Sipa] HANGZHOU -- In the factory of Shenglan Paper Co Ltd, 14 workers are busy producing meltblown, non-woven fabric that could help shield people from infections by the novel strain of coronavirus. "We are working hectically to try to provide more fabric for mask-making factories," said Li Anwen, who is in charge of production of the company in Longyou County in East China's Zhejiang province. The county is about 200 km away from the provincial capital Hangzhou. The overall confirmed cases had reached 31,161 on the Chinese mainland by the end of Thursday, and 636 people had died of the disease, according to the National Health Commission. The situation has created a huge demand for masks. As of Monday, daily production of masks exceeded 14.8 million by factories in 22 provincial-level regions, up 3.1 percent from the previous day. The output of masks has shown a continuous upward trend, especially medical KN95 masks, according to Hao Fuqing, an official with the National Development and Reform Commission. Under such circumstances, demand is also soaring for meltblown non-woven fabric, the essential material needed for making such respirators. Meltblown non-woven fabric is the filtering layer in the middle part of the mask. The width of the fabric's fiber is about 0.5 percent of that of a hair. Each fiber is full of polarized charges, creating a weak electric field. This means that the fabric can absorb dust, bacteria and pollen effectively. The fabric filters particles, insulates heat and absorbs oil, and is widely used in medical masks, surgical clothes, diapers and sanitary pads. Longyou County produces about 8 percent of the country's total output of filtering fabric. As the virus outbreak grows, workers are moving heaven and earth to make the fabric in support of mask factories across the country. Currently, the county makes about three tons of the fabric on a daily basis, according to official figures. "Now is the critical point of the fight against the epidemic, and many mask factories are waiting for the fabric supplies," said Wang Sheng, with the county's bureau of economy and information technology. On Jan 23, Shenglan Paper Co Ltd submitted a project to make meltblown non-woven fabric. County officials moved quickly to help the company go into production as soon as possible. They quickly approved the project, helped the company to install transformers and hired workers. On the night of Jan 29, two production lines went into full gear, able to make fabric for at least 2 million surgical masks or KN95 respirators every day. "We have finished only two production lines so far," said company general manager Li Changwen. "Production is automatic. We have 10 workers in the factory." Pan Qiping has been working in the factory since production began on Jan 29. "We work on shifts," said Pan, 53. "It's not easy, but I know our products can save lives, so it's worth it." The company provides the materials for four mask factories in Zhejiang, and up to three vans come to fetch the goods each day, said Li Changwen. "We have 40 tons of raw materials, so we can meet the demand," Li said. "My biggest wish is for the epidemic to stop as soon as possible so that people can get back to their normal lives."
WS5e3d13dca310128217275d3b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d13dca310128217275d3b.html	2020-02-07	Pangolins a potential intermediate host of novel coronavirus: Study	A male pangolin at the Pangolin Research Base for Artificial Rescue and Conservation Breeding in Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. SHI RUIPENG/CHINA DAILY GUANGZHOU -- The genome sequence of the novel coronavirus strain separated from pangolins was 99 percent identical to that from infected people, indicating pangolins may be an intermediate host of the virus, a study has found. The study was led by the South China Agricultural University. According to Liu Yahong, president of the university, the research team analyzed more than 1,000 metagenome samples of wild animals and found pangolins as the most likely intermediate host. Molecular biological detection revealed that the positive rate of Betacoronavirus in pangolins was 70 percent. Researchers further isolated the virus and observed its structure with an electron microscope. They found that the genome sequence of the coronavirus strain was 99 percent identical to those in infected people. Results showed that pangolins are a potential intermediate host of the novel coronavirus, Liu said, adding that the study will support the prevention and control of the epidemic, as well as offer scientific reference for policies on wild animals.
WS5e3d0d72a310128217275d1d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3d0d72a310128217275d1d.html	2020-02-07	Two fearless veterans of SARS war take on coronavirus	None
37533481	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/guizhou/guiyang/2020-02/07/content_37533481.htm	2020-02-07	Construction of hospital for novel coronavirus patients underway in Guiyang	People work at the Jiangjunshan section of Guiyang public health center for treatment which is under renovation in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 6, 2020. The renovation project of the hospital for treating pneumonia patients infected with the novel coronavirus in Guiyang is expected to be completed on Feb 20 after three phases' construction plan. The hospital will provide 491 beds to patients. [Photo/Yang Wenbin for Xinhua]   Aerial photo shows the construction site of Jiangjunshan section of Guiyang public health center for treatment which is under renovation in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 6, 2020. The renovation project of the hospital for treating pneumonia patients infected with the novel coronavirus in Guiyang is expected to be completed on Feb 20 after three phases' construction plan. The hospital will provide 491 beds to patients. [Photo/Yang Wenbin for Xinhua]   People work at the Jiangjunshan section of Guiyang public health center for treatment which is under renovation in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 5, 2020. The renovation project of the hospital for treating pneumonia patients infected with the novel coronavirus in Guiyang is expected to be completed on Feb 20 after three phases' construction plan. The hospital will provide 491 beds to patients. [Photo/Yang Wenbin for Xinhua]
WS5e3cff9ba310128217275cdd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3cff9ba310128217275cdd.html	2020-02-07	UN official lauds China's efforts to combat novel coronavirus	UNITED NATIONS - United Nations (UN) Under-Secretary-General Fabrizio Hochschild on Thursday expressed his appreciation for China's efforts to fight against the novel coronavirus outbreak. "I'd like to express my deepest solidarity with the people of China, confronted with this public health challenge," Hochschild said. "We deeply appreciate the efforts of all the authorities, of people in China and elsewhere to combat this virus." "As we celebrate the 75th anniversary of the UN, this is yet another illustration of the importance of international cooperation," said Hochschild, who is overseeing the world body's 75th celebrations slated for 2020. "Few problems are the problems of countries alone. We need international solidarity. We're all in this together. And when we work together, we can beat and overcome these challenges," he added. The official concluded his remarks by speaking in Chinese: "Zhongguo Jiayou! Wuhan Jiayou!" -- an expression to keep Chinese people's strength up.
WS5e3cfe0fa310128217275cd2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3cfe0fa310128217275cd2.html	2020-02-07	Disinfection robots deployed on frontlines to combat coronavirus	A disinfection robot designed and produced by Shanghai TMiRob is on display during an exhibition. [Photo/ Shanghai TMiRob] SHANGHAI -- More than 30 disinfection robots designed and produced by a Shanghai enterprise have entered major hospitals in Wuhan, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, to contain the spread of the epidemic. The white robot has a hydrogen peroxide sprayer on its "head" and nine ultraviolet lamps in its "belly," and can perform multiple forms of disinfection in environments where humans and machines coexist, according to Pan Jing, CEO of Shanghai TMiRob, the manufacturer of the robot. Navigation technology enables the robot to avoid obstacles autonomously, Pan said. At present, over 30 disinfection robots have been used in isolation wards, ICUs, operating rooms and fever clinics of Wuhan's major coronavirus hospitals to provide around clock disinfection service. Robots are increasingly being deployed at the front lines of China's fight against the epidemic in order to reduce cross-infection risks and improve efficiency. On Monday, robot maker CloudMinds and China Mobile's Shanghai branch donated the first batch of 5G-powered robots to a Shanghai hospital. With the 5G network, the robots can help medical staff carry out tasks involving consultations, disinfection, cleaning and drug delivery. Robot manufacturer Siasun and the Shenyang Institute of Automation of the Chinese Academy of Sciences are also developing a robot that can replace nurses in conducting throat testing for the virus.
WS5e3ccba0a310128217275be2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3ccba0a310128217275be2.html	2020-02-07	Construction of hospital for novel coronavirus patients underway in places	People work at the Hanan section of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine which is under renovation in Harbin, capital of Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feb 6, 2020. The renovation project of the designated hospital for treating pneumonia patients infected with the novel coronavirus in Harbin is expected to be completed on Feb 15. The hospital will provide 1,000 beds to patients. [Photo/Xinhua] People work at the Hanan section of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine which is under renovation in Harbin, capital of Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feb 6, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] People work at the Hanan section of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine which is under renovation in Harbin, capital of Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feb 6, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] People work at the Jiangjunshan section of Guiyang public health center for treatment which is under renovation in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 5, 2020. The renovation project of the hospital for treating pneumonia patients infected with the novel coronavirus in Guiyang is expected to be completed on Feb 20 after three phases' construction plan. The hospital will provide 491 beds to patients. [Photo/Xinhua] Aerial photo shows the construction site of Jiangjunshan section of Guiyang public health center for treatment which is under renovation in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 6, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Aerial photo shows the construction site of Jiangjunshan section of Guiyang public health center for treatment which is under renovation in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Feb 6, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]  
WS5e3cbde7a310128217275b0a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3cbde7a310128217275b0a.html	2020-02-07	31,161 coronavirus cases confirmed on Chinese mainland	Medical workers transfer patients to the newly built Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 4, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The number of confirmed infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland climbed to 31,161 as of Thursday midnight, including 636 deaths, according to the National Health Commission. Among them, 3,143 confirmed cases and 73 deaths were newly reported on Thursday, the commission said.  A total of 4,833 suspected cases were reported on Thursday, bringing the total number of suspected cases on the Chinese mainland to 26,359 as of Thursday at midnight, the commission said on Friday. The number of confirmed cases rose to 24 in Hong Kong, including one death, 10 in Macao and 16 in Taiwan, the commission said. Health authorities on the mainland have traced 314,028 people with close contact with patients, with 186,045 of them still under medical observation, according to the commission. A total of 1,540 people have been discharged from the hospital on the mainland as of Thursday midnight, the commission said. Hubei province, center of the outbreak, reported 2,447 new confirmed cases and 69 new deaths on Thursday, bringing the two numbers up to 22,112 and 618 respectively according to the province's health commission. Xiaogan city of Hubei province became the second city with more than 2,000 confirmed cases besides Wuhan (11,618 confirmed cases by Thursday midnight). Xiaogan reported 255 new confirmed cases on Thursday, bringing the total number of the city to 2,141, according to the provincial health commission.  A total of 15,804 people sickened by the virus are still hospitalized in the province. Among them, 3,161 people have serious symptoms and 841 are in critical condition, the commission said. Medical observation continues on 64,057 people.
WS5e3cb8d1a310128217275a8e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3cb8d1a310128217275a8e.html	2020-02-07	Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) advice for the public: Myth busters	Is it safe to receive a letter or a package from China? Yes, it is safe. People receiving packages from China are not at risk of contracting the new coronavirus. From previous analysis, we know coronaviruses do not survive long on objects, such as letters or packages. Can pets at home spread the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV)? At present, there is no evidence that companion animals/pets such as dogs or cats can be infected with the new coronavirus. However, it is always a good idea to wash your hands with soap and water after contact with pets. This protects you against various common bacteria such as E.coli and Salmonella that can pass between pets and humans. Do vaccines against pneumonia protect you against the new coronavirus? No. Vaccines against pneumonia, such as pneumococcal vaccine and Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine, do not provide protection against the new coronavirus. The virus is so new and different that it needs its own vaccine. Researchers are trying to develop a vaccine against 2019-nCoV, and WHO is supporting their efforts. Although these vaccines are not effective against 2019-nCoV, vaccination against respiratory illnesses is highly recommended to protect your health. Can regularly rinsing your nose with saline help prevent infection with the new coronavirus? No. There is no evidence that regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from infection with the new coronavirus. There is some limited evidence that regularly rinsing nose with saline can help people recover more quickly from the common cold. However, regularly rinsing the nose has not been shown to prevent respiratory infections. Can gargling mouthwash protect you from infection with the new coronavirus? No. There is no evidence that using mouthwash will protect you from infection with the new coronavirus. Some brands or mouthwash can eliminate certain microbes for a few minutes in the saliva in your mouth. However, this does not mean they protect you from 2019-nCoV infection. Can eating garlic help prevent infection with the new coronavirus? Garlic is a healthy food that may have some antimicrobial properties. However, there is no evidence from the current outbreak that eating garlic has protected people from the new coronavirus. Does putting on sesame oil block the new coronavirus from entering the body? No. Sesame oil does not kill the new coronavirus. There are some chemical disinfectants that can kill the 2019-nCoV on surfaces. These include bleach/chlorine-based disinfectants, either solvents, 75% ethanol, peracetic acid and chloroform. However, they have little or no impact on the virus if you put them on the skin or under your nose. It can even be dangerous to put these chemicals on your skin. Does the new coronavirus affect older people, or are younger people also susceptible? People of all ages can be infected by the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Older people, and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus. WHO advises people of all ages to take steps to protect themselves from the virus, for example by following good hand hygiene and good respiratory hygiene. Are antibiotics effective in preventing and treating the new coronavirus? No, antibiotics do not work against viruses, only bacteria. The new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a virus and, therefore, antibiotics should not be used as a means of prevention or treatment. However, if you are hospitalized for the 2019-nCoV, you may receive antibiotics because bacterial co-infection is possible. Are there any specific medicines to prevent or treat the new coronavirus? To date, there is no specific medicine recommended to prevent or treat the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV). However, those infected with the virus should receive appropriate care to relieve and treat symptoms, and those with severe illness should receive optimized supportive care. Some specific treatments are under investigation, and will be tested through clinical trials. WHO is helping to accelerate research and development efforts with a range or partners.
WS5e3c94fea31012821727598e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3c94fea31012821727598e.html	2020-02-07	China confident of defeating novel coronavirus: Chinese envoy to UK	China's ambassador to the United Kingdom is confident the novel coronavirus will be defeated, and that it will not have a long-term impact on the Chinese economy. Speaking at a news conference on Thursday, Liu Xiaoming praised the global effort to defeat the virus, and condemned biased reporting and disinformation about the epidemic. "I believe this is a time for reason and cool-headedness," he said.
WS5e3c71dba310128217275971	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3c71dba310128217275971.html	2020-02-07	Doctor who warned of coronavirus passes away from the virus	File photo: Dr Li Wenliang. [Photo/Agencies] Dr Li Wenliang, one of eight people who tried to warn about the novel coronavirus when it first emerged in Wuhan, now the epicenter of the disease, but was reprimanded by local police, passed away on Friday from the virus, according to the Central Hospital of Wuhan. "After emergency treatment, Li Wenliang passed away," the Central Hospital of Wuhan announced on Weibo, China's version of Twitter. "We deeply regret and mourn Li's death." The hospital said Li, 33, died at 2:58 am. The doctor's death triggered an outpouring of millions of comments on China's social media sites as well as concern from the international community. "We are deeply saddened by the passing of Dr Li Wenliang," twitted the World Health Organization (WHO). "We all need to celebrate work that he did on 2019nCoV." According to the doctor's post on Weibo,  on Dec 30, Li, an ophthalmologist at the Central Hospital of Wuhan, warned in the online chat group WeChat that he had seen a report that showed positive test results of SARS for seven patients. On Jan 3, Li and the seven others were summoned by Wuhan police for "spreading fake information on the internet". They were reprimanded but not fined or detained, the police said. Li continued his normal work at the Wuhan hospital until Jan 10 when he came down with a cough and fever, symptoms of the coronavirus. "I was finally confirmed as being infected by the novel coronavirus," Li wrote on Feb 1 on Weibo, adding a dog emoji. The post got more than 1.6 million thumbs-ups and over 400,000 netizens expressed their best wishes to him. On Thursday evening, several Weibo posts said Li had died from the novel coronavirus and they went viral on social media, sparking immense sorrow and outrage of netizens. At 12:38 am on Friday, the Central Hospital of Wuhan denied Li had died. "Doctor Li was unfortunately infected by the novel coronavirus and he is now critically ill and under emergency treatment," said the hospital on its official Weibo account. The post soon attracted millions of netizens to pray for the doctor. "I won't sleep tonight!!! Wait for a miracle online!" said one comment that received 350,000 thumbs-up. Comments that received tens of thousands of thumbs-up included: "Please! Save him!"  and "I am waiting for a miracle for medicine, for emergency treatment and for a hero!" However, people did not witness a miracle.
WS5e3c6deea310128217275969	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3c6deea310128217275969.html	2020-02-07	Expert sees threat from coronavirus diminishing over time	[Photo/Agencies] A Canadian epidemiologist is optimistic that China will lessen the impact of the coronavirus going forward. "Comparing it to SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) 17 years ago, China shows more confidence to fight the outbreak," Wang Peizhong, an epidemiologist and professor at Memorial University of Newfoundland, told China Daily. Wang said that although the virus will "very likely" come back, it will not be "so terrible" as this year's. "First, the vaccine will come out, and the population will have certain immunity. Plus, this virus is not as lethal as SARS or H1N1 flu virus," said Wang. "While the current fatality (death/among diseased) estimate is around 2 percent, it may be far lower than this, as many mild cases may not be counted as part of the denominator in the estimate. "Thus, if it persists, the harm in the future will be much less than the current flu in the future," Wang added. Other experts said that the new coronavirus may be no more dangerous than the flu despite worldwide alarm. In an interview with CTV News, Amesh Adalja, an infectious diseases expert at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in Baltimore, Maryland, said influenza is the main concern of people living in North America. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is also warning citizens not to drop their guard about influenza, which has caused at least 19 million illnesses, 180,000 hospitalizations, and 10,000 deaths this season. A poll released on Tuesday has found that the majority of Canadians are not afraid of contracting the coronavirus. The poll, commissioned by Postmedia Inc, finds that most Canadians haven't changed their behaviour despite the outbreak, with 65 percent doing what they had been. Thirty-five percent have changed their behaviour, such as washing their hands more. Although the risk of infection with novel coronavirus remains low in Canada, Wang warned that Canadians still need to be vigilant. "After all, it is a new disease for humans," Wang said. "What we should have learned from SARS, MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) and the new coronavirus is that we need to be well prepared for the next one down the road." Jacqueline Shan, an expert in pharmacology and physiology, who founded the Polar Bear Genome BioPharma Canada, highlighted the importance of vaccination. Both the Canadian and Chinese governments actively promote influenza vaccination every year, especially for people with more susceptible immune systems, such as the elderly and children. "However, as for the flu vaccine, generally a vaccine can only prevent one flu virus, and the flu virus is susceptible to mutation. Mutated viruses often lead to more infectious outbreaks," said Shan. Shan also suggested people pay attention to their diets to improve their immune systems. She said some food ingredients can help stimulate the immune system and enhance immunity. The lack of important nutrients can severely affect the body's immune system. Consuming antioxidant-rich foods such as fruits and vegetables can enhance overall health and protect against influenza and other viruses throughout the year. Anxiety and tension also can be detrimental to immune functioning. "People need to improve personal mental health, learn to regulate yourself, handle emotional ups and downs, and avoid excessive anxiety and negative pessimism," Shan added.
WS5e3c386ba310128217275961	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/07/WS5e3c386ba310128217275961.html	2020-02-07	TCM effective in treating symptoms of novel coronavirus	[Photo/Agencies] Clinical trials in four provinces have proven a traditional Chinese medicine prescription to be effective in treating patients of the novel coronavirus outbreak, National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine said on Thursday. On Jan 27, the administration launched the program to find effective TCM prescriptions for pneumonia caused by the virus, and started clinical trials of a prescription composed of herbs and other TCM ingredients on 214 confirmed patients of the virus in Shanxi, Hebei, Heilongjiang and Shaanxi provinces. By Wednesday, the prescription had improved conditions for more than 60 percent of the patients, and stabilize conditions for 30 percent of the patients, the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine said. The prescription is based on a number of treatments mentioned in a classical TCM work dated to Han Dynasty (202 BC-220AD), it said. The prescription can also used to treat cold and flu, it said. However, the administration made it clear that the prescription is for medical treatment and not recommended for prevention use.
WS5e3c236da310128217275938	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3c236da310128217275938.html	2020-02-06	Macao's 1st novel coronavirus patient recovers, discharged from hospital	An exterior view shows the Conde Sao Januario Hospital in Macao on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] MACAO - Macao's first confirmed novel coronavirus infection patient had recovered from the disease and was discharged from the hospital, the special administrative region's health authorities said on Thursday. The Health Bureau of Macao said the 52-year-old female patient was discharged due to the improvement of her health after twice negative test results for any remaining presence of the novel coronavirus. All relevant laboratory indicators of her health were now at normal levels. The woman, who had traveled to Macao on Jan 19 from Wuhan in Central China, had been diagnosed with the disease by Macao's Centro Hospitalar Conde de Sao Januario on Jan 21 and quarantined and treated in that hospital. The bureau added that the patient is a Wuhan resident and had left Macao on Thursday afternoon. Macao has reported a total of ten cases of the novel coronavirus. Among them, the first seven cases were visitors from Wuhan, and the other three were Macao residents.
WS5e3c1d4aa310128217275934	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3c1d4aa310128217275934.html	2020-02-06	Male nurses in Guizhou medical team ready to fight novel coronavirus	Zhang Wenlun (center), head nurse of Zhenfeng County People's Hospital in Southwest China's Guizhou province, and the father of two children, volunteers to help Hubei in the virus fight. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Southwest China's Guizhou province sent a team of 102 medical professionals on Tuesday to assist local hospitals in Hubei province to help fight against the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak, including 17 male nurses. Zhang Wenlun, head nurse of the intensive care unit at Zhenfeng County People's Hospital in Guizhou, is a father of two children. Zhang's youngest child is only 6 months old. "It's a pity to miss their growth, but they will be proud of me for my choice in the future," Zhang said. Wu Jinrong, a nurse at Qianxinan People's Hospital, said that he was excited after receiving the notification to assist in Hubei, and did not fall asleep until 4 am. Wu said as a Party member, it's his duty to go to Hubei and support coronavirus prevention and control. Che Weiwei contributed to this story. Medical staff from Zhenfeng County People's Hospital show their support as they see off Zhang Wenlun (center). [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Guizhou's doctors and nurses volunteer to help fight against the outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Three nurses in Guizhou's second medical team are ready to enter the ward of Second Hospital of Ezhou. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Guizhou medical team in Hubei. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e3c1c7fa31012821727592f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3c1c7fa31012821727592f.html	2020-02-06	Guangdong court lays out legal guidelines for coronavirus outbreak	[Photo/IC] Those who do not comply with quarantine or medical treatment requirements and cause serious consequences during the novel coronavirus outbreak may face imprisonment. Such conduct may constitute the crimes of impairing the prevention and treatment of infectious diseases, endangering public security, or negligently endangering public security, said Hu Ying, vice-president of the Guangdong Provincial High People's Court, at a press conference in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong province, on Thursday. The court will process cases strictly in light of the law and with high efficiency in the fight against epidemic-related crimes, he said. Regarding possible disputes from delayed loan payments by small and medium-sized enterprises during the epidemic, Hu said the court will take full consideration of the impact of the epidemic and related financial policies of the country. In cases concerning the wholesale, retail, hotel, catering logistics, transport and tourism sectors, which are hard hit by the epidemic, as well as SMEs with development potential but temporary difficulty, the court will step up mediation by working with related organizations to safeguard both financial claims and the survival and development of enterprises, he said.
WS5e3c1ac0a31012821727592b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3c1ac0a31012821727592b.html	2020-02-06	Dalian issues guidelines on curbing spread of novel coronavirus	People wear masks at Dalian International Airport in Dalian, Northeast China's Liaoning province on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] Dalian in Northeast China's Liaoning province issued a notice on Wednesday to recommend guidance on curbing the spread of the novel coronavirus for enterprises rushing to return to work after the extended Spring Festival holiday. It provides advice and suggestions for preventative measures and virus control in manufacturing plants in seven aspects, including basic prevention and control, key areas, business process operation and emergency measures for infection. "Factories and companies will start returning to work on Feb 9. The health department's forecast that it is at a stage of high risk. It is very important that we make good plans and full preparation for related work," said Jin Guowei, deputy mayor of Dalian. According to the Bureau of Industry and Information Technology, Dalian Zhongde Technical School and TUV Rheinland Academy & Lifecare compiled the guidelines and recommendations for the implementation of measures to prevent and control viral infection in manufacturing plants, as well as key points for reviewing prevention and control of viral infection in industrial manufacturing industries. "They borrowed relevant advanced experience from other countries, combined with our own practice," said Jin. Meanwhile, the Dalian Health Commission issued the Dalian version of a brief primer on novel coronavirus, consisting of introductions and suggestions on common sense, symptoms, prevention, misunderstanding, prevention and control of special crowds, specific place prevention and control, and expert advice for community home fever patients. It aims to provide practical and professional protection knowledge to the public to correctly understand and prevent infection, said Zhao Zuowei, director of the city's health commission. Dalian's foreign affairs office is releasing the city's latest data on pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus every day in English on its official WeChat account, Dalianwaishi. They also extended hotline calling hours in Chinese, English (+8615941107310), Japanese and Korean to 24 hours to help people asking questions about novel coronavirus or in need of assistance.
WS5e3c16f1a310128217275924	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3c16f1a310128217275924.html	2020-02-06	Group forms to contain spread of novel coronavirus in Hong Kong	A group of medical experts, community leaders and business figures announced an alliance on Thursday to help contain the spread of the novel coronavirus in Hong Kong.
WS5e3c10d2a310128217275919	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3c10d2a310128217275919.html	2020-02-06	Man gets 1st coronavirus-related medical reimbursement in Gansu	A couple of patients say goodbye to nurses after recovering from the novel coronavirus infection at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Friday. GAO XIANG/FOR CHINA DAILY On Monday, a man cured of novel coronavirus surnamed Pan received his medical reimbursement in Northwest China's Gansu province. It is the first reimbursement related to the virus paid by the province. His total medical expense was 11,017 yuan ($1,581). Basic medical insurance covered 6,621 yuan ($950), and the government's special subsidy paid the rest. Pan was hospitalized in the First People's Hospital of Longxi county of Dingxi city on Jan 22 and was confirmed with being infected with the virus two days later. After 11 days' therapy, he tested negative in the nucleic acid test. After a consultation, experts decided he could be discharged from the hospital. Since the epidemic outbreak, the provincial healthcare security administration and Gansu's Department of Finance have jointly issued medical reimbursement policies for those residents infected or suspected of being infected with the virus. Thanks to these measures, the treatment is technically free for all confirmed patients. As of Sunday, 196 million yuan ($315 million) of the medical insurance fund had been allocated to designated hospitals, which is a strong financial guarantee for timely treatment against the disease. "The fund will cover all suspected and confirmed patients, making sure they get therapy in time ," said Xie Baocheng, deputy chief of the provincial healthcare security administration. As of 8 pm on Wednesday, there were 62 confirmed cases, of which five patients in the province have been discharged from the hospital, while 1,336 people who had close contact with people who became ill are under medical observation.
WS5e3c0e27a310128217275913	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3c0e27a310128217275913.html	2020-02-06	Five coronavirus-infected children discharged from Hubei hospital	Lu Xiaoxia, a pediatrician at the Wuhan Children's Hospital in Central China's Hubei province, talks with a child in this undated file photo. [Photo/Xinhua] The first group of five children infected with the novel coronavirus pneumonia in Central China's Hubei province, ranging in age from 2 to 14, were discharged from Wuhan Children's Hospital on Thursday. Based on national treatment guidelines and suggestions on diagnosis and treatment of the illness, the hospital discharged the five children, whose successful treatment also provided valuable experience,especially in the treatment of children, according to the hospital's staff. The youngest child had symptoms of high fever and a cough, with a temperature of up to 39C 17 days ago. A local hospital diagnosed her with flu and pneumonia. On Jan 21, she was sent to Wuhan Children's Hospital for treatment. According to the hospital's staff, compared with adult cases, children's immune function is not mature and they are vulnerable to respiratory infections, while their symptoms are more diversified. The two-year-old was not only infected with the new coronavirus, but also with other infections. Among the five children, most had a clear history of exposure to the virus. Infected children usually have symptoms of fever, cough and pneumonia. During treatment, all of their vital signs were stable. After discharge, they will be quarantined for two weeks.    
WS5e3bf535a3101282172758ed	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3bf535a3101282172758ed.html	2020-02-06	Coronavirus: HK police offer camp for quarantine center	A medical worker wearing protective gear waits to take the temperature of people entering Princess Margaret Hospital in Hong Kong on Feb 4, 2020. [ANTHONY WALLACE/AFP] The police have offered to turn the Junior Police Call Permanent Activity Centre in Pat Heung into Hong Kong's fifth quarantine center for people who have been in close contact with confirmed carriers of the deadly novel coronavirus. The Hong Kong Commissioner of Police Tang Ping-keung made the suggestion to the government which is having difficulties in finding more space to quarantine the growing number of suspected carriers of the virus which has infected 17 people so far. The proposed shelter will provide 53-units, according to local media reports. Officials from various government departments on Monday assessed the site and considered the conversion plan feasible. The other four designated quarantine centers are Heritage Lodge in Lai Chi Kok, Lei Yue Mun Park and Holiday Village in Shau Kei Wan, Lady MacLehose Holiday Village in Sai Kung, as well as Po Leung Kuk Jockey Club Pak Tam Chung Holiday Camp in Sai Kung.
WS5e3bf423a3101282172758e7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3bf423a3101282172758e7.html	2020-02-06	HKUST's invention to speed up diagnoses of novel coronavirus	This undated photo shows a new device invented by Professor Wen Weijia of the Department of Physics at HKUST that claims to bring down the time to test for novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) to 40 minutes from three hours. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Hong Kong scientists have developed a new device that can shorten the testing time for the novel coronavirus to 40 minutes from up to three hours. The new technology is being applied on the Chinese mainland to help it combat against the epidemic outbreak that has infected more than 28,000 people and killed over 560 so far. The device, developed by a team at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, has greatly improved the efficiency of identifying the infection. The current method, "reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction" test, or RT-PCR, usually takes 1.5 to 3 hours to produce results. Two new testing devices from the university have been donated to the Guangzhou Nansha Center for Disease Control and Prevention and have been put in use, said Wen Weijia, professor of Department of Physics at HKUST. The kit is also easy to use and is portable, making it highly applicable at disease control centers, immigration and customs checkpoints. It can detect samples of nasopharyngeal specimens, sputum, blood, stool or eye conjunctiva, said Wen.
WS5e3be716a3101282172758d1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3be716a3101282172758d1.html	2020-02-06	Police step up fight against coronavirus scams	[Photo/VCG] Police across China have intensified efforts to fight crimes related to the novel coronavirus outbreak, aiming to provide a safe and stable environment for people, the Ministry of Public Security said on Thursday. They have solved 1,116 cases of fraud linked to the epidemic, capturing 294 suspects and seizing more than 6.6 million yuan ($946,538) in illicit gains, the ministry said. "We've paid high attention to fraud and established a quick channel for collecting related clues and conducting investigations to further improve the efficiency of solving the cases," it said in a statement posted on its website. To illustrate its determination to fight fraudsters, the ministry disclosed details of three major scams. In one, suspects told people they had surgical masks or could help them buy masks from overseas but then refused to deliver the masks after they were paid or even disappeared with the money. Another scam involved suspects claiming to be from civil affairs departments or charities asking for public donations through fake text messages or websites. There have also been frequent cases of groups on instant messaging services such as QQ and WeChat being used to cheat members out of money in the name of epidemic prevention and control. "We're keeping a close watch on such frauds, and will increase our strength to combat the crimes," the ministry said. "We'll also work with relevant departments to give offenders harsh punishment as a bigger deterrent and disclose how the frauds happened in a timely manner to enhance people's awareness and maintain public order."
WS5e3be523a3101282172758cd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3be523a3101282172758cd.html	2020-02-06	1st confirmed novel coronavirus patient cured, sent home in Guangzhou	A 25-year-old woman surnamed Li, accompanied by medics, walks out of the isolation ward of People's Hospital of Bozhou, East China's Anhui province at 9:00 am, Jan 29, 2020. She is the first cured patient of the novel coronavirus in Bozhou and among the first batch in Anhui. [Photo by Zhang Yanlin from People's Daily Online] The first confirmed patient with novel coronavirus in South China's Guangzhou was cured and discharged from a hospital on Thursday. The female patient, surnamed Cheng, was admitted to Guangzhou Eighth People's Hospital on Jan 20, according to the city's health commission. On the same day, an elderly patient with the disease, who had been in serious condition, also recovered and was discharged from the same hospital. Eighty-one-year-old Zheng, who came from Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to visit relatives, had a fever before she was admitted to the hospital's intensive care unit. Both patients had proprietary traditional Chinese medicine at the hospital, among other treatments.
WS5e3be031a3101282172758b4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3be031a3101282172758b4.html	2020-02-06	Facts about the novel coronavirus: Transmission	None
WS5e3bd2dfa31012821727586e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3bd2dfa31012821727586e.html	2020-02-06	Novel coronavirus cases in Taiwan rise to 13, one recovers	TAIPEI -- Taiwan has confirmed two new infections by the novel coronavirus, raising its total confirmed cases to 13, the island's epidemic monitoring agency said Thursday. At the same time, one patient has fully recovered and been released from the hospital, the agency said at a press conference. The two new confirmed cases were both Taiwan residents -- a male who went to the mainland city of Wuhan, the center of the epidemic, on Jan 17 and returned to Taiwan on Feb 2, and a female who returned from Wuhan to Taiwan on Jan 21, according to the agency. It added that the man showed symptoms on Feb 3, the woman on Feb 1, and both of them now have pneumonia and are staying in isolation wards. The agency also confirmed that one Taiwan resident, who had been aboard a cruise ship now quarantined off the coast in Japan, was infected by the virus. The island decided to ban international cruise ships from docking at its harbors starting Thursday, the agency said.
WS5e3bcbd7a310128217275843	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3bcbd7a310128217275843.html	2020-02-06	10 cured from novel coronavirus in Shanghai sent home	Shanghai officials attend the daily news conference regarding the novel coronavirus outbreak, Feb 6 2020. [Photo/people.come.cn] Ten people with infection caused by the novel coronavirus in Shanghai have been cured and were discharged from the hospital on Thursday, a city official said. So far, 25 people with confirmed cases in the city have been discharged from the hospital, about one-tenth of the overall confirmed cases, said Zheng Jin, the spokesman for the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission at the daily news conference regarding the novel coronavirus outbreak. According to Zheng, 16 confirmed cases in critical and severe condition have been treated in the designated Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center. Experts and skilled medical staff from all relevant disciplines, especially experts in infection, critical illness, respiration, and artificial lung, in the city's top hospitals, have been transferred to the center. Meanwhile, expert consultation groups have been set up to discuss and provide treatment suggestions to patients in critical condition, Zheng said. The condition of several critical cases has improved during treatment, according to Zheng.
WS5e3bc23aa310128217275816	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3bc23aa310128217275816.html	2020-02-06	Key questions about novel coronavirus	Source: World Health Organization      
WS5e3bbceba31012821727580c	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3bbceba31012821727580c.html	2020-02-06	Cambodian tourism minister affirms faith in China' s fight against coronavirus	Cambodian Tourism Minister Thong Khon wrote to Luo Shugang, Minister of Culture and Tourism of China, saying the Ministry of Tourism of Cambodia strongly believes the capability of the Chinese government to successfully overcome the challenge brought by the coronavirus outbreak, and that no travel restrictions will be imposed from Cambodia to China. [Photo provided to Chinaculture.org]      
WS5e3ba229a310128217275757	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3ba229a310128217275757.html	2020-02-06	High-tech helps fight coronavirus	Staff members carry a drone in Qingdao, East China's Shandong province, Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] In order to prevent and control the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia and safeguard passengers' health, high-tech products such as drones and robots have been deployed. In Qingdao city, drones are being used for disinfection. A drone can carry about 10 kilograms of disinfectant, with a spraying area of 5,000 square meters each time. A drone prepares to take off in Qingdao, East China's Shandong province, Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member controls a drone in Qingdao, East China's Shandong province, Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A robot, capable of checking the body temperature of people five meters away, works outside a shopping mall in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, to help fight the novel coronavirus. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] A staff member uses an infrared thermometer to measure body temperature at the Nanjing South Station, on Feb 4, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e3b9176a310128217275746	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b9176a310128217275746.html	2020-02-06	Pakistani doctor volunteers to fight coronavirus in Wuhan	Screenshot of Associated Press of Pakistan.[Photo provided to Chinaculture.org] On Jan 27, Muhammad Usman Janjua, a doctor from Pakistan, formally applied to the Foreign Experts Service Office at the Hunan Department of Science and Technology, volunteering to go to Wuhan, Hubei province to treat coronavirus patients. Working at Changsha Medical University as a teacher, Janjua said China was his second home, where he finished bachelor’s and master’s degrees. Under such circumstances, it would be an honor to help Chinese people face the disaster. Janjua came to China to study at Hunan University of Chinese Medicine in 2007, and has a Chinese name, Jiang Wei. In 2016, he went on to a master’s degree study at Central South University in Hunan province. “China provided me with good opportunities for education and employment. I am unable to forget China and Changsha,” he said. Screenshot of PakistanToday.[Photo provided to Chinaculture.org] The Chinese Embassy in Pakistan expressed thanks to Janjua for his bravery. “We appreciate Dr Muhammad Usman Janjua, a foreign doctor joining the fight against coronavirus in China as a volunteer. He is a teacher from Changsha Medical University, China and hails from Deena, Jhelum, Pakistan,” the embassy twitted. In his own country, the doctor was also highly praised as a “hero” by Pakistan People’s Party Senator Sherry Rehman. Janjua said the Chinese government has taken quick, effective measures against the epidemic. “The staff of the foreign expert service sent me methods of epidemic prevention and virus isolation every day, asking me to protect myself and solving many difficulties for me.”
WS5e3b8e76a31012821727573e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b8e76a31012821727573e.html	2020-02-06	Spread of prejudice harms anti-coronavirus efforts	A staff member hangs up a sign before conducting disinfection operations on a bullet train in southwest China's Chongqing Municipality, Feb. 2, 2020. (Xinhua/Tang Yi) Given the high stakes of safeguarding the health of humanity, there is no better option than concerted global efforts in the fight against the outbreak. Prejudice and discrimination only create barriers that impede success. BEIJING, Feb. 3 (Xinhua) -- The novel coronavirus outbreak has put the world on alert. While many in the international community are joining China to battle the epidemic, prejudice and discrimination are playing a shameful role that could discourage the very collective campaign. Given the high stakes of safeguarding the health of humanity, there is no better option than concerted global efforts in the fight against the outbreak. Prejudice and discrimination only create barriers that impede success. History has shown that prejudice and bigotry are a recurrent symptom in disease outbreaks. During the spread of swine flu in 2009, Latinos were widely targeted. So were people of African origin during the outbreak of the Ebola crisis in 2014. The danger of prejudice and unwarranted fear mongering is not just driving a wedge between different groups of people. It can also make the sick reluctant to seek out medical care. As said by Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at an event on Saturday, the virus never respects nationality or race and the coronavirus situation should be seen as a public health issue instead of a racial or international diplomatic problem. Though the novel coronavirus had infected over 17,000 people and killed more than 360 as of Monday morning, the staggering majority of the cases are confined in China because of its prevention and containment measures. When declaring the novel coronavirus outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on Thursday, World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus stressed that the WHO disfavors or even opposes imposing travel or trade restrictions on China. However, some U.S. politicians have chosen to shut their ears to WHO's advice of taking "measured and evidence-based response." Instead, they have ordered a ban on the entry of foreign nationals who have travelled in China in the past 14 days, and warned against "all travel to China." What is more jaw-dropping is that U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross blatantly claimed that the novel coronavirus outbreak could bode well for the U.S. job market. Those U.S. moves, which go against the WHO's recommendations, have set an unfavorable example that might distract resources from the anti-empidemic battle and embolden others to choose isolation when cooperation is badly needed. Fortunately, in contrast with Ross and others, the vast majority of countries and their people have offered a helping hand to China to jointly deal with the formidable challenge facing the whole world. In the era of globalization, the attempt to insulate a country from a danger confronting all humanity is doomed to failure, and risks instigating prejudice and racism at home by unwarrantedly exaggerating the danger. As the fight against the epidemic is still raging on, a consensus should be reached that like patients infected with the virus, those bearing prejudice and racism will eventually be quarantined.
WS5e3b8e71a310128217275736	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b8e71a310128217275736.html	2020-02-06	Thanks to politics, tariff becomes part of discussion on coronavirus	As if the coronavirus hasn't put enough strain on the China-U.S. relationship, the China-U.S. trade agreement is getting dragged into the mix. With many metropolises in China under travel restrictions and extended holiday, there are predictions and debates about an underperformed Chinese economy causing a global economic setback. Professor Mauro F. Guillen at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania published an article on February 3, calling the U.S. to lift the tariffs imposed on Chinese commodities. Removing them would relieve some of the economic pressure China faces due to the disruption of work schedule and allow the country to focus its entire attention on the health crisis. For "both humanitarian and practical reasons," Professor Guillen argues that such an act would accrue goodwill, reshape the U.S.'s image and give it a better hand in negotiating the phase two trade deal. This idea, as pointed out by Global Times, is with merits but probably impractical given the current U.S. officials' attitude towards China. Peter Navarro, senior China advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump, is clearly not fond of the idea. During an interview with CNBC, he characterized such notion as a "spin that's coming right out of Wall Street" and said that bringing the trade deal into this "does a disservice" to solving the crisis. "Tariffs also ensure that we come back for phase two," Navarro said. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross even saw the outbreak as an opportunity to accelerate the return of businesses to the U.S. In fact, the growing media attention and discussions were triggered by Navarro and Ross's statements at the end of January. In recent couple of days, Wall Street Journal and the New York Time published several articles detailing the epidemic's influence on various aspects of the trade deal. On February 4, White House National Economic Council Director Larry Kudlow emphasized that the coronavirus will not derail the benefit U.S. expects to gain from the phase one agreement; it will just take longer to be realized. To clarify, China hasn't brought up such request. The U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission can vouch for it. Reuters found the February 4 briefing paper issued by this congressional commission of the U.S. government made clear that China "had not requested that its commitments be waved or suspended." And, hardly any Chinese media was discussing lifting the tariffs and the trade deal at the time of writing this article. It wouldn't be a stretch to say that these officials' statement is more targeted at a domestic audience. As we know, the 2020 election is about to kick into high gear. The Democrats have already started early state primaries. With the Senate all but certain to acquit President Trump, the White House is rolling out its own campaign. The State of the Union speech on February 4 was a litany of this administration's achievements and contrasts to the previous White House, a textbook campaign starter. With the China-U.S. trade deal being one of this White House's most touted foreign policy priority and one that could bring significant electoral advantages in swing states, it is natural for Trump administration officials to assure the farmers and factory workers in these states that their share of gains is guaranteed, even as the outbreak disrupts the global economy. Also, it is about giving more exposure to Trump's policies. Even though he is going to survive the impeachment, Trump still has to fight for this election. Yes, his is hitting an approval rating of 49 percent, a personal best according to the Gallup poll. However, as much as people like to compare this impeachment to the Bill Clinton's impeachment, President Clinton's approval rating stayed consistently above 60 percent after the House approved articles of impeachment in 1998, based on data from Pew Research Center. Trump is safe, but not secure. And unlike the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Trade Deal where the Democrats are claiming credits, the China-U.S. phase one deal is almost the White House's own achievement. Touting it could solidify Trump's campaign and appeal to the portion of American audience whose anti-China sentiment is getting stirred up by the coronavirus outbreak. As a result, it could be expected that the talk of tariffs will continue and the U.S. would take a hardline stance on it. Navarro might be right this time, bringing tariffs into this could be a "disservice." As the U.S. makes gains with the domestic audience, the rhetoric sounds callous and cavalier to the rest of the world, especially to the Chinese people. Professor Guillen says the U.S. should create goodwill. The question now is: How much goodwill do you expect the Chinese people will have after the crisis is over?
WS5e3b898aa310128217275721	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b898aa310128217275721.html	2020-02-06	Travel institutions launch measures against coronavirus breakout	Beijing Railway Station, February 4, 2020. [Photo/CGTN] The Civil Aviation Administration (CAAC) issued the notice on the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus during the return period of the Spring Festival travel rush, requiring all civil aviation departments to further focus on the prevention and control measures of passenger flow. All airports should ensure that all inbound and outbound passengers get temperature checks and complete the passenger information registration. CAAC requires all transport airlines and airports to continue in suggesting passengers to wear masks through various ways such as onboard broadcasting, setting up warning signs in terminal buildings. China's Ministry of Transport announced measures to guarantee the smooth flow of traffic during the returning Spring Festival travel rush. Local transport authorities are not allowed to close expressways or block main highways at the national and provincial levels for epidemic prevention and control, the ministry said in a circular. But, they may work with public security and health departments to regulate traffic and check the body temperature of passengers at entry and exit points of expressways, provincial borders, expressway service stations, state and provincial trunk highways and rural roads. "Hard isolation" methods, such as excavations and erecting road-blocks, aimed at hindering rural road traffic, are also forbidden, said the ministry. Among the industries affected by the epidemic, tourism as a typical service industry has been impacted for a long time and will recover relatively slowly. Many people cancel or suspend their travel plans and online bookings, which brings great pressure on travel agencies and related enterprises. The World Tourism Organization said in a statement recently that the Chinese government is "fast and resolute" in responding to the pneumonia epidemic caused by the novel coronavirus. The statement noted that tourism industry's cooperation is essential to control the spread of the virus and limit its impact to the society. It is also the responsibility of tourists to fully understand the situation of the epidemic before traveling, and to comply with the requirements of travel institutions and departments.
WS5e3b733aa3101282172755d2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b733aa3101282172755d2.html	2020-02-06	Websites, social media accounts punished for illicit content on coronavirus	SHI YU/CHINA DAILY BEIJING -- Chinese Internet watchdogs have punished some websites, mobile applications and social media accounts for publishing illicit content regarding the novel coronavirus outbreak to foster a good online atmosphere amid the country's efforts to contain the epidemic. Under the guidance of the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the country's top cyberspace regulator, some local Internet watchdogs have removed a mobile application from the app store for publishing short videos that spread panic sentiments, the CAC said Wednesday. Websites including Baidu have also been summoned for talks for failing to handle illicit content published by users. Some social media accounts were disciplined for spreading false information, according to the CAC. The CAC vowed to strengthen their guidance work for provincial-level Internet watchdogs and urge them and online platforms to shoulder responsibilities in the fight against the coronavirus.
WS5e3b712ea3101282172755a7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b712ea3101282172755a7.html	2020-02-06	Chinese companies issue bonds for prevention, control of coronavirus outbreak	A medical worker gives a patient medical treatment in the ICU (intensive care unit) in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] SHANGHAI -- Three Chinese companies have completed the issuance registration of bonds for the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak. Zhuhai Huafa Group, Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co Ltd and China Nanshan Development (Group) Co Ltd have completed the issuance registration of a total of 2.1 billion yuan (over $300 million) of ultra-short-term financing bonds. Huafa issued 1 billion yuan of ultra-short-term financing bonds, and 500 million yuan of the raised funds will be used to supplement the group's demand for liquidity funds following its donations to epidemic-hit areas and relief of rent for merchants affected by the epidemic. Kelun raised 800 million yuan by issuing ultra-short-term financing bonds, with 200 million yuan for developing and producing antiviral drugs and purchase of protective medical materials to support construction of the Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. Nanshan also completed the information disclosure of 300 million yuan of bonds, and 200 million yuan of the raised funds will be used to support its subordinate companies to participate in the construction of hospitals such as the Huoshenshan Hospital and Leishenshan Hospital, as well as to ensure smooth logistics in epidemic areas.
WS5e3b6dd4a31012821727557a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b6dd4a31012821727557a.html	2020-02-06	China releases tax exemption, loan policies to beef up coronavirus containment	Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen in a counting machine at a bank in Beijing, China, March 30, 2016. [Photo/Agencies] BEIJING -- The State Council, China's cabinet, on Wednesday released tax exemption and loan policies to strengthen novel coronavirus containment and better meet the demand for medical supplies and life necessities. As provisional policies beginning from Jan 1, enterprises producing key supplies will be able to get their taxes on facilities payments for expanding production capacity deducted in full on a one-time basis, according to a statement released after a State Council executive meeting chaired by Premier Li Keqiang. Meanwhile, revenues from transporting key emergency supplies and providing public transportation, life services and express mail services can enjoy value-added tax exemption, said the statement. The registration fee for drugs and medical equipment for novel coronavirus containment is waived, and support for research and development of the drugs and vaccines will be strengthened. Civil aviation enterprises will not be charged for the civil aviation development fund, said the statement. The meeting also called for banks to offer preferential loans at fiscally subsidized interest rates below 1.6 percent for enterprises that produce, transport or sell medical supplies and life necessities. The meeting urged enhancing supervision and strictly cracking down on illegal acts of defrauding fiscal and credit funds.
WS5e3b67f2a3101282172754fb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b67f2a3101282172754fb.html	2020-02-06	Latest numbers on coronavirus infections	Medical staff from Shanghai busy with their work in Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital. [Photo provided by Xinmin Evening News WeChat account] The number of confirmed infections of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland climbed to 28,018 as of Wednesday at midnight, including 563 deaths, according to the National Health Commission. Data released by the commission on Thursday morning also shows 3,694 of the cases and 73 deaths were newly reported on Wednesday. A slower growth rate of new suspected cases that emerged on Monday and Tuesday failed to continue on Wednesday . The number of suspected infections now totals 24,702, with 5,328 new ones registered on Wednesday. A day earlier, 3,971 suspected cases were reported. While 3,859 patients remain in serious condition, a total of 1,153 people have been cured and released from hospitals as of Wednesday at midnight, the commission said. A total of 186,354 people that have had close contact with infected patients are still under medical observation, it added. Hubei province, center of the outbreak, reported 2,987 new confirmed cases and 70 new deaths on Wednesday, bringing the two numbers up to 19,665 and 549 respectively according to the province's health commission. A total of 14,314 people sickened by the virus are still hospitalized in the province. Among them, 2,328 people have serious symptoms and 756 are in critical condition. Meanwhile, 633 have been discharged from hospital, the commission said. Medical observation continues on 64,127 people.
WS5e3b66aba3101282172754d8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b66aba3101282172754d8.html	2020-02-06	UAE stands resolutely with China during coronavirus challenge	[Photo/Weibo] China has faced the coronavirus challenge with a great degree of strength and resilience. In the UAE, we are left amazed at the remarkable response of the Chinese government and of the Chinese people. The government and people of the United Arab Emirates would like to offer their support during this challenging time for China. We stand resolute in solidarity with China to support the country in its hour of need. Indeed, we have great confidence that China will get past this quickly. In fact, there are positive signs such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF) expressing their support to China's efforts to tackle the novel coronavirus outbreak and expressing confidence that China's economy "remains resilient". This dilemma is unquestionably vast, however this has come at a time when China has never been so well-prepared for such a challenge. China's approach to dealing with this situation is admirable and it is truly astounding that they have managed, for example, to rapidly build two hospitals in Wuhan with a combined capacity of 2,500 capacity, including Huoshenshan Hospital completed in around 10 days and which is already operational. This demonstrates the characteristic strength of the Chinese in the face of adversity. In its 70 years the People's Republic of China as a nation has faced great challenges, and the country has successfully dealt with poverty reduction within a short period – the number of poor people in China has declined from 100 million in late 2012 to just 16.6 million by the end of 2018. This means that in just six short years, there has been a reduction of 80%. This illustrates an important point – when the Chinese government focuses its efforts in challenges, it can achieve remarkable results. The leadership of the People's Republic of China have been swift and responsive in their efforts to contain the virus to a restricted region within Wuhan and have redoubled medical support. I would echo the Director-General of the World Health Organisation who said, "If it weren't for China's efforts, the number of cases outside China would have been very much higher." The UAE leadership stands resolutely with the Chinese government in support of their commendable efforts to deal with the coronavirus and have great faith in their significant capabilities to overcome this challenge. The strength and fortitude of the Chinese nation is shining through and we can see a collective pulling together across many layers of Chinese society. Our nation intends to support China as best it can by deepening healthcare cooperation and providing medical equipment where possible. Our country's AI and Cloud Computing sector has already launched a humanitarian initiative to support healthcare personnel in China trying to contain the coronavirus outbreak, through its pioneering AI-focused healthcare practice. Hundreds of thousands of units of essential goods such as surgical masks, medical gloves, goggles and protective clothing are also being relayed from the UAE to support the medical effort in the affected areas. The positive efforts by the Chinese government to tackle the coronavirus are gradually bearing fruit and we encourage the Chinese people to stay strong and pull through this crisis. I am confident that this issue will be successfully dealt with China’s characteristic strength of will to rise to any challenge. The author is ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to China. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e3b65c3a3101282172754be	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b65c3a3101282172754be.html	2020-02-06	Putin praises China's 'decisive, vigorous' measures to fight novel coronavirus outbreak	Russian President Vladimir Putin (C) arrives for the ceremony of presenting credentials at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] MOSCOW - China is taking "decisive and vigorous" measures to fight the novel coronavirus, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday. "China and all of us are confronted with the peril of the spreading of the coronavirus infection," he said. "The Chinese authorities are taking decisive and vigorous measures in order to stop the epidemic," Putin said at the ceremony of presenting credentials by ambassadors of 23 countries, including China. The president said that Russia stands ready to provide the friendly Chinese people with all kinds of assistance, adding that bilateral relations are at an unprecedentedly high level. Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks at the ceremony of presenting credentials at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e3b6115a310a2fabb7a1f05	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b6115a310a2fabb7a1f05.html	2020-02-06	City chief remains optimistic about controlling coronavirus	Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor said on Wednesday that with the concerted efforts of the government, medical personnel and society at large, the city will be able to fight the novel coronavirus, which had infected 21 people locally and over 20,000 on the Chinese mainland. The city's leader also called for social cohesion, urging society to put aside differences, comply with newly introduced measures and unite to combat the deadly disease. She made the remarks while announcing a new round of measures to further curb the spread of the coronavirus, including requiring all arrivals from the mainland to Hong Kong as of Saturday to receive a mandatory quarantine of 14 days. This new measure also applies to Hong Kong residents. Detailed information related to the implementation will be revealed during a government news conference on Thursday (today), said Food and Health Secretary Sophia Chan Siu-chee, who joined Lam at Wednesday's news conference. Lam said the measure will take effect on the weekend to give time to people whose lives will be affected by the new arrangement to prepare for the change. Meanwhile, the city closed the Kai Tak Cruise Terminal, where the World Dream cruise ship docked, on Wednesday morning. About 3,600 passengers and crew on board have been quarantined and barred from leaving the vessel, as three passengers from a previous cruise were found to have contracted the virus. The new measures were introduced after medical experts warned that there was a real risk that the virus will spread in the community. Lam said that still-unidentified sources of three infections confirmed on Tuesday indicate the possibility of community transmission. The government has closed down all but three of the border checkpoints. Hong Kong International Airport, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, and Shenzhen Bay are the only ones that have been open since Tuesday. On Tuesday, 28,675 people entered Hong Kong via the Shenzhen Bay Port and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge checkpoints, down 64 percent from Monday. More than 80 percent of those who entered were Hong Kong residents, Lam said. Airport arrivals fell by 21 percent to 41,137 on Tuesday. The vast majority of the arrivals were international visitors, and only 224 of the 6,039 mainland visitors flew in from the mainland. Also on Wednesday, around 4,600 workers at public hospitals, including some 2,700 nurses, continued their strike that began on Monday. They are calling for a total shutdown of the border with the mainland to curb the spread of the coronavirus. At a media briefing on Wednesday, Ian Cheung Tsz-fung, chief manager of the Hospital Authority, said surgeries for some patients could not be delayed, adding that some public hospitals have seen half of their respective nursing staff absent from emergency services, neonatal intensive care units and surgery rooms. In a statement issued on Wednesday morning, the Hospital Authority said accident and emergency departments at public hospitals will be able to provide only emergency services, and appealed to patients with mild conditions to get help at private hospitals and doctors. Contact the writers at mollychen@chinadailyhk.com
WS5e3b610da310a2fabb7a1f00	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b610da310a2fabb7a1f00.html	2020-02-06	We must all be united in fighting the coronavirus	The Wuhan coronavirus crisis is undeniably the most daunting challenge we face in 2020. It is more than a medical issue; it has been unfortunately politicized. The SAR government has adopted a containment strategy, with measures to drastically reduce cross-border travel between the city and the Chinese mainland in a bid to contain the spread of the deadly virus. With the new approach, the battle against the virus will enter a new stage. The containment strategy was carried out by shutting down all high-speed trains and all cross-border ferry services, closing almost all land-border crossings, and cutting by half the number of flights from the mainland, as well as the number of cross-border buses on the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge. The central government has also agreed to stop issuing individual travel visas to Hong Kong. The containment strategy is a crucial step to control the spread of the virus from outside. However, the hard battle arises from inside. There are three major obstacles to our victory over the novel coronavirus: The first one is that the capacity of the medical sector could be overstretched. Its resources could become too tight to cope with the crisis should it deteriorate further. The resources do not only refer to manpower, protective clothing and other essential materials, but also psychological support. The medical workers are fighting at the front line of the battle; the government and all other sectors should give their strongest support to them. Their morale is critical to the victory over the virus; any setback of the medical sector would spell disaster. The latest measures will be effective in lowering the burden on the medical sector, which is a good start. The government should keep good communication with the medical sector; and the principal officials should go to the front line to show their support. The leaders of the trade unions and the sector should also play a positive role in the process. The second obstacle is the difficulty of securing enough premises for quarantine purposes. Many people were shocked by the riots that happened in Fanling days ago when some residents and blackshirts stormed Fai Ming Estate to force the government to abandon it as a potential site for quarantine purposes. People were shocked not by the opponents' radical actions but by the reasons they cited. They claimed that they voiced opposition to the proposal because of fears of infection and a lack of public consultation. But Sophia Chan Siu-chee, secretary for food and health, had clarified that they would not house patients with confirmed infection but more likely medical staff or those who had come into contact with victims but showed no symptoms. Therefore, it is not only an issue of a "not in my backyard" mentality, but also an irrational response out of fear, or worse, actions driven by political objectives. The government has temporarily shelved the proposal. However, the issue did not end. If there are not enough premises to meet quarantine needs, the alternative is home confinement, which would pose a far greater risk to the public. The social leaders should help to cultivate a healthy ground for communication with the residents. All residents should have full knowledge of the situation we are facing and come up with a good plan. The third problem is the spread of rumors or fake news - an aftereffect of the months-long anti-government movement. Since the outbreak of the health crisis, numerous rumors have been spread on the internet. For instance, there are claims that the SAR government has planned to use Hong Kong's resources to help the mainland fight the coronavirus epidemic. Such kinds of misinformation will eventually hurt society. This fake news has been clarified by the government. But the public should be cautious of many other instances of fake news. The coronavirus has developed into a fatal epidemic that can be extinguished only with concerted efforts. It should not be politicized and exploited as a means to put pressure on the government for the sake of political objectives. Political leaders should realize the dire situation we now face and bear their responsibility to build up the social capital and trust to thwart those malicious rumors. Otherwise, all members of society, including the political leaders themselves, will be losers. Plato said, "We are twice armed if we fight with faith." We need faith to win the battle. The three problems mentioned above would, however, only undermine our faith. To deal with them, we need close collaboration between the government and the social and political leaders. Every member of society should play a positive role in winning the battle against the novel coronavirus. The views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.
WS5e3b5911a31012821727545e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b5911a31012821727545e.html	2020-02-06	No need to panic over coronavirus outbreak	Didier Houssin, Chair of the Emergency Committee, speaks next to Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus during a news conference after a meeting of the Emergency Committee on the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Geneva, Switzerland Jan 30, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] I have already said a lot about the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, at the Executive Board yesterday and at the PBAC meeting last week. But allow me to underline a few key points. The latest data we have is that there are 20,471 confirmed cases in China, including 425 deaths. Outside China there are 176 cases in 24 countries, and one death, in the Philippines. It's important to underline that 99 percent of the cases are in China, and 97 percent of the deaths are in Hubei province. This is still first and foremost an emergency for China. We continue to work closely with the Chinese government to support its efforts to address this outbreak at the epicenter. That is our best chance of preventing a broader global crisis. Of course, the risk of it becoming more widespread globally remains high. Now is the moment for all countries to be preparing themselves. WHO is sending masks, gloves, respirators and almost 18,000 isolation gowns from our warehouses in Dubai and Accra to 24 countries who need support, and we will add more countries. We're sending 250,000 tests to more than 70 reference laboratories globally to facilitate faster testing. We're sending a team of international experts to work with their Chinese counterparts to increase understanding of the outbreak to guide the global response. We're convening a global research meeting next week to identify research priorities in all areas of the outbreak, from identifying the source of the virus to developing vaccines and therapeutics. Tomorrow, I will brief the Secretary General and the UN senior management team. Today we held a call with all 150 WHO country offices, to discuss the measures they need to take to be ready. On Thursday we'll have a similar briefing with all resident coordinators in the UN system. We are also increasing our communications capacity to counter the spread of rumours and misinformation, and ensure all people receive the accurate, reliable information they need to protect themselves and their families. And we plan to hold daily media briefings. Today I have three key requests for Member States: First, I call on all Member States to share detailed information with WHO-including epidemiological, clinical severity and the results of community studies and investigations. This is the responsibility of all countries under the International Health Regulations. Of the 176 cases reported outside China so far, WHO has received complete case report forms for only 38 percent of cases. Some high-income countries are well behind in sharing this vital data with WHO.I don't think it's because they lack capacity. Without better data, it's very hard for us to assess how the outbreak is evolving, or what impact it could have, and to ensure we are providing the most appropriate recommendations. Today I am writing to all ministers of health to request an immediate improvement in data sharing. As I said yesterday, we can only defeat this outbreak with global solidarity, and that starts with collective participation in global surveillance. The commitment to solidarity starts with sharing information. Solidarity, solidarity, solidarity. Second, we reiterate our call to all countries not to impose restrictions inconsistent with the International Health Regulations. Such restrictions can have the effect of increasing fear and stigma, with little public health benefit. So far, 22 countries have reported such restrictions to WHO. Where such measures have been implemented, we urge that they are short in duration, proportionate to the public health risks, and are reconsidered regularly as the situation evolves. And third, facilitate rapid collaboration between the public and private sectors to develop the diagnostics, medicines and vaccines we need to bring this outbreak under control. We have a window of opportunity. While 99 percent of cases are in China, in the rest of the world we only have 176 cases. That doesn't mean that it won't get worse. But for sure we have a window of opportunity to act. Because 176 in the rest of the world is very small, [there is] no reason to panic or fear. Of course, people are worried-they should be. There is a window of opportunity because of the measures China has used at the epicenter, at the source. Let's not miss this window of opportunity. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus is director-general of WHO. This is his opening remarks at the technical briefing on 2019 novel coronavirus at the 146th session of the Executive Board on Feb 4.
WS5e3b4cd4a310128217275425	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b4cd4a310128217275425.html	2020-02-06	Leishenshan Hospital gets ready for novel coronavirus patients	Workers waterproof a roof at the construction site of Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Wednesday. Leishenshan Hospital is one of the temporary hospitals built to treat pneumonia patients infected with the novel coronavirus. ZHU XINGXIN/CHINA DAILY The second emergency specialty field hospital built in Wuhan, Hubei province, to combat the novel coronavirus outbreak, is scheduled to start treating patients on Thursday. Leishenshan Hospital entered its final stage of construction by Wednesday afternoon. All 3,300 prefabricated units used as patients' rooms in the medical isolation zone, which is the core construction part of the hospital, have been hoisted and entered the phase of interior decoration. Each unit has been equipped with a cabinet that links each patient room to hallways. The cabinet enables medical staff to deliver daily necessities or medical products without the need to enter the room and prevent cross infection. It also has ultraviolet light to disinfect the supplies during the delivery. Items including air conditioners, cables, televisions and electric lights have also been placed in each unit. The temporary hospital consists of a medical isolation zone, a living zone for medical staff and a logistics area. It can accommodate 1,500 patients after its completion. Devices used in intensive care units, operating rooms, clinical laboratories as well as other departments were already transported to the hospital and have been installed. Equipment for blood and urine tests, for example, was already installed in the clinical laboratories and will able to examine 300 blood samples and 210 urine samples per hour. Most of the rooms are depressurized and have a special ventilation system to prevent viruses from spreading out of the hospital. Construction of seven dormitory buildings for hospital staff members has also been completed. Builders began work on Leishenshan Hospital on Jan 25, modeled on Beijing's Xiaotangshan Hospital, which treated severe acute respiratory syndrome cases in 2003. More than 12,000 workers took part in the construction. Liu Jintao from Shenyang, Liaoning province, chose to stay on duty in Wuhan during the Lunar New Year holiday. After the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, Liu, who works for China State Railway Investment Construction Group Co, was transferred to the construction site and was responsible for directing thousands of vehicles entering and exiting the site every day. To prevent the spread of the virus, Liu wore a face mask all the time, which made him shout even louder than usual. "I dared not to drink water regularly. Because drinking water means I would have to take off the mask," he said. Liu said he called his family in Shenyang every night to tell them that he was safe."There would be no home without our country. Protecting Wuhan is protecting my home and everyone's home," he added.
WS5e3b4b16a31012821727541d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b4b16a31012821727541d.html	2020-02-06	UK Chinese community hits out at coronavirus-related racism	As concern about the novel coronavirus in the UK increases, racism toward Chinese communities has been reported. Last week, a female student was reportedly harassed by a group of three people for wearing a face mask when she was walking on the University of Sheffield campus. Sheffield Chinese community leader Jerry Cheung said the virus should not be an excuse for racism, and urged students to speak out.
WS5e3b652ba310a2fabb7a1f23	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b652ba310a2fabb7a1f23.html	2020-02-06	Calls for greater solidarity in fight against coronavirus should be heeded	The latest epidemic statistics have raised hopes that some light is now being seen at the end of what has seemed a very long, dark tunnel. Although the number of deaths continues to rise, the number of people who have been confirmed cured is rising at a much faster rate, and the ratio was 5:1 on Wednesday. It has instilled confidence in the country that the fight against the virus is being won. Although both the number of people confirmed to be infected with the virus and the number suspected of being infected are still rising－both by about 4,000 cases a day－there are expectations that the objective of plateauing the number of new infections may soon be attained as the daily growth in suspected cases looks set to decelerate below that of confirmed cases in the near future. That the number of visits to fever clinics each day, including those not caused by the virus, dropped by 7 percent on Monday compared with the number the previous day－the first time since the outbreak of the epidemic, according to the National Health Commission－has served to reinforce confidence that the hard-fought battle is being won. Yet the boost of optimism must not lead to any complacency that might render all these positive trends in vain. It should be borne in mind that the virus is still killing around 60 people each day in this country. It has therefore come as some surprise to people here that some countries are not doing all they can to support China in what is a brutal fight. As the World Health Organization has stressed 99 percent of all novel coronavirus cases are in China. And with swift and resolute actions taken to quarantine Hubei province to prevent the spread of the virus, 97 percent of the deaths have been in Hubei. Despite being a developing country, China has always been ready to extend a helping hand to other needy peoples when there has been a public health emergency, as shown by the assistance it provided various countries during previous outbreaks, such as the H1N1 influenza virus and Ebola. It has never associated ethnicity as the cause for an outbreak of a particular disease. It is fully aware that to help others during a public health emergency not only helps itself, but also manifests the humanitarian spirit. Yet some developed countries have not displayed the same spirit this time. As the head of WHO revealed on Tuesday, some of them "are well behind in sharing their vital data" in defiance of their obligations as stipulated by the International Health Regulations－"I don't think it's because they lack capacity", he said. Some of those countries have also opted to close their doors on China, whether because of fear or, worse, a desire to harm. Their decision－which the WHO deems unnecessary and opposes－is not based on evidence and rationality, and it not only hurts trade and exchanges, but also fuels "fear and stigma" as the WHO warned. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Tuesday noting the enormous resources that China has mobilized to curb the spread of the virus called for solidarity and urged countries to avoid stigmatization of people who are innocent victims of the situation. Should his appeal for a "strong feeling of support for China" fall on deaf ears, the world might pay the price for losing the window of opportunity to arrest the virus that has been hard-earned by China's heroic efforts.  
WS5e3b6c70a310a2fabb7a1f49	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/06/WS5e3b6c70a310a2fabb7a1f49.html	2020-02-06	WHO: Coronavirus outbreak not yet a pandemic	The World Health Organization said the novel coronavirus outbreak does not yet constitute a pandemic, and praised the measures put in place by China to halt the transmission. Sylvie Briand, the WHO's director of global infectious hazard preparedness, said on Tuesday: "Currently, we are not in a pandemic. We are at the phase where it is an epidemic with multiple foci, and we try to extinguish the transmission in each of these foci." Briand praised the measures put in place by the Chinese authorities to halt the transmission, including building new hospitals. She said while there is a rapid spread of transmission in Hubei－the epicenter of the outbreak－cases outside the province are mainly "spillover" cases, with sporadic clusters of transmission. Briand added on Wednesday that the WHO would work with representatives of the global travel and tourism industry to work on recommendations for resuming flights to and from China. She said that people infected with the coronavirus should wear surgical masks. But for others, the masks will not necessarily protect them 100 percent from infection. Washing hands frequently and taking other hygienic measures are also necessary. Briand also warned of "harmful rumors or misinformation", which she believed "could really be an obstacle for a good response and hamper effective implementation of countermeasures". She also highlighted the need to avoid discrimination linked to the outbreak. In an article published on Time magazine's website on Tuesday, WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the organization is working to counter misinformation and rumors rapidly spreading via social media. Tedros wrote that the Chinese people and China's economy are bearing the brunt of the virus. "We will help China to sustain and step up these efforts." He wrote that the outbreak can be defeated if people act now, and to do so will require an unprecedented response－driven by global solidarity and collaboration－built on evidence-based action. During a news conference at United Nations Headquarters in New York on Tuesday, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres urged "a strong feeling of international solidarity, a strong feeling of support to China and all the countries that might be impacted" while addressing the challenges facing the world from the coronavirus outbreak. He added that he was very concerned with avoiding the stigmatization of those who are "innocent and victims of the situation". Guterres said he believes China has mobilized enormous resources to respond to the outbreak. "And we have full recognition of that effort." Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun, the former director-general of the WHO, also praised China for its prompt and transparent efforts in effectively controlling the spread of the disease during a phone interview on Tuesday. She said it was within about one week that China was able to submit the virus' genetic sequence to the WHO. Many countries, including Tanzania, Germany and Singapore, thanked China for taking appropriate actions to protect itself and the rest of the world. Chen Yingqun and Joseph Li contributed to this story. Contact the writers at boleung@chinadaily.com.cn   United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said at UN Headquarters in New York on Tuesday that he fully affirmed China's efforts to fight the new coronavirus outbreak, and called upon the international community to unite to avoid discrimination. WANG JIANGANG/XINHUA    
WS5e3ae106a3101282172753c9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3ae106a3101282172753c9.html	2020-02-05	Beijing bans group catering activities to curb coronavirus spread	People wear masks at Beijing South Railway Station in Beijing on Jan 22, 2020. [Photosipaphoto.com] Beijing banned all kinds of group catering activities to further prevent and control the spread of the novel coronavirus, a senior official in the capital said on Wednesday. Anyone who organized or undertook group dinners, whether individually or through organizations, needs to cancel those gatherings or postpone the date to hold activities, said Chen Yankai, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Market Regulation Bureau, at a press conference held in Beijing on Wednesday. Organizers in rural areas of Beijing that undertook group catering are forbidden to continue taking any kind of group dinners, such as festival banquets, birthday parties or college receptions, during the outbreak, according to Chen. He also required different levels of catering operators and associations, as well as related departments, to realize the severity of the current epidemic situation and asked involved organs to notify all grassroots catering service operators and subdistrict offices to raise their awareness for prevention and control. Chen said all catering service providers in the city should take the responsibility to reduce the risks of the novel coronavirus spreading. Catering industry operators in the capital should strictly follow the rules of the food safety operation regulation for the catering service industry, and any processing or sale of wild animals, as well as its products, at shops and e-commerce platforms are banned in Beijing, according to a new notice jointly issued by the city's market regulation bureau, the capital's health commission and the municipal commerce bureau recently. The public can report any kind of violations to the regulation, including group catering activities or trading of wild animals, to 12345 hotlines, according to the notice. Local authorities should report to local health departments immediately when confirmed cases, suspected cases or close contact with novel coronavirus patients are founded in the area during catering supervision and inspection to control spreading the epidemic situation, the notice said.
WS5e3adc20a3101282172753b5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3adc20a3101282172753b5.html	2020-02-05	Medical staff infected by coronavirus released from hospital	Five medical workers from Union Hospital affiliated with Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, who were infected with the novel coronavirus, are discharged from the hospital in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 5, 2020. They are the third batch of Union Hospital medical workers discharged from the hospital. [Photo by Liu Kunwei/For chinadaily.com.cn] The last five medical staffers from Wuhan Union Hospital, who were infected with novel coronavirus, were discharged from the hospital on Wednesday. These five are among the first group of 14 medical staff infected in Wuhan, capital city of Hubei province, the epicenter of the virus. The first three were discharged on Jan 28 and another six were on discharged on Sunday. On Jan 20, Zhong Nanshan, the renowned respiratory scientist, confirmed that 14 medical staff were infected by one patient in the hospital. According to Changjiang Daily, the local newspaper, these infected medical staff members had been fighting against the virus actively since they were confirmed with the novel coronavirus. One of the doctors, surnamed Zheng, was grateful to colleagues' excellent medical skills that helped him fight against the disease. "I was fearful of the unknown virus at first. But after receiving the right treatment, most of us felt better after two weeks and tested negative after three weeks," Zheng said. A nurse surnamed Hu said she felt proud of her colleagues and wanted to return to work with them. The doctor in charge, Zhou Qiong, said chances were slim they can infect other people after being tested negative on two separate times. They were advised to take more rest at home. When they could return to work depends on the health condition of their lungs. Five medical workers from Union Hospital affiliated with Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, who were infected with the novel coronavirus, are discharged from the hospital in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 5, 2020. They are the third batch of Union Hospital medical workers discharged from the hospital. [Photo by Liu Kunwei/For chinadaily.com.cn] Xu Nina, head nurse in the neurosurgery department of Wuhan Union Hospital, expresses her gratitude to a medical worker after being discharged from the hospital on Feb 5, 2020. [Photo by Liu Kunwei/For chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e3ad93fa3101282172753b3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3ad93fa3101282172753b3.html	2020-02-05	SOEs double workload to make items for coronavirus battle	Sanitary workers disinfect public areas in Changsha, Central China's Hunan province on Feb 5, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Centrally-administered State-owned enterprises from the manufacturing, chemical, petrochemical and grain processing sectors have doubled or even tripled their workload to produce goods and materials to combat the novel coronavirus across China, said the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. Confronted with the medical goods shortage in Central China's Hubei provinces and other locations, central SOEs such as China North Industries Group Corp, China National Machinery Industry Corp and Xinxing Cathay International Group Co have required their factories to raise the production volume of facial marks, protective clothing and industrial materials, in a bid to support frontline medical staff to better deal with the epidemic, according to information released by the SASAC. The daily production capacity of disinfection alcohol has been raised from 700 metric tons per day to 1,000 tons per day by COFCO Biotechnology Co, a subsidiary of COFCO Group, China's foodstuff and grain trader. The company said its production volume can be further increased if needed in the future. It has supplied more than 1,600 tons of disinfection alcohol to hospitals in Beijing, Hubei, Hunan, Sichuan and other places, including 450,000 bottles of medical alcohol in small packages. The SASAC said based on seven central SOEs' current operational condition, including China National Chemical Corp and Sinopec Group, their combining production capacity of disinfection alcohol and disinfectant can reach over 1,000 tons and 5,000 bottles, respectively, per day, as well as clothing factories that can produce 10,000 pieces of protective clothing on a daily basis.
WS5e3acd25a3101282172753a4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3acd25a3101282172753a4.html	2020-02-05	Retiree, 94, donates 500,000 yuan to coronavirus fight	Su Yutian, 94, of Datong, North China's Shanxi province, donated 500,000 yuan ($71,409) to the local government for the fight against the novel coronavirus epidemic on Feb 1, 2020. [Photo by Guo Bin/chinadaily.com.cn] A 94-year-old retiree in Datong, North China's Shanxi province donated 500,000 yuan ($71,409) to the local government for the fight against the novel coronavirus epidemic on Feb 1. Over the past two weeks, Su Yutian's concern about the new epidemic has increased, especially when he learned there had been several confirmed cases in Datong. "As a Party member, I thought I should do something for epidemic prevention and control," he said. "After discussion, all my children agreed with my decision to donate." Therefore, Su donated all of his pension saved in past years.  "Thanks to the government's good policies, I have achieved success in my business that started 32 years ago," he said. "It is time for me to contribute my negligible power to society." Over the past 32 years, Su has constantly contributed to society with great passion. His company has paid 550 million yuan ($78.6 million) in taxes and donated more than 27 million yuan ($3.85 million) to various social welfare undertakings.
WS5e3ac3d4a31012821727538e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3ac3d4a31012821727538e.html	2020-02-05	Info & Tips for Expats to Fight the Novel Coronavirus	None
WS5e3ab868a310128217275360	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3ab868a310128217275360.html	2020-02-05	Calls for greater solidarity in fight against coronavirus should be heeded: China Daily editorial	A building in Abu Dhabi is lightened with a slogan in support for Wuhan, the capital city in Central China's Hubei province that has has been in fight against the novel coronavirus outbreak, on Feb 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The latest epidemic statistics have raised hopes that some light is now being seen at the end of what has seemed a very long, dark tunnel. Although the number of deaths continues to rise, the number of people who have been confirmed cured is rising at a much faster rate, and the ratio was 5:1 on Wednesday. It has instilled confidence in the country that the fight against the virus is being won. Although both the number of people confirmed to be infected with the virus and the number suspected of being infected are still rising — both by about 4,000 cases a day — there are expectations that the objective of plateauing the number of new infections may soon be attained as the daily growth in suspected cases looks set to decelerate below that of confirmed cases in the near future. That the number of visits to fever clinics each day, including those not caused by the virus, dropped by 7 percent on Monday compared with the number the previous day — the first time since the outbreak of the epidemic, according to the National Health Commission — has served to reinforce confidence that the hard-fought battle is being won. Yet the boost of optimism must not lead to any complacency that might render all these positive trends in vain. It should be borne in mind that the virus is still killing around 60 people each day in this country. It has therefore come as some surprise to people here that some countries are not doing all they can to support China in what is a brutal fight. As the World Health Organization has stressed 99 percent of all novel coronavirus cases are in China. And with swift and resolute actions taken to quarantine Hubei province to prevent the spread of the virus, 97 percent of the deaths have been in Hubei. Despite being a developing country, China has always been ready to extend a helping hand to other needy peoples when there has been a public health emergency, as shown by the assistance it provided various countries during previous outbreaks, such as the H1N1 influenza virus and Ebola. It has never associated ethnicity as the cause for an outbreak of a particular disease. It is fully aware that to help others during a public health emergency not only helps itself, but also manifests the humanitarian spirit. Yet some developed countries have not displayed the same spirit this time. As the head of WHO revealed on Tuesday, some of them "are well behind in sharing their vital data" in defiance of their obligations as stipulated by the International Health Regulations — "I don't think it's because they lack capacity", he said. Some of those countries have also opted to close their doors on China, whether because of fear or, worse, a desire to harm. Their decision — which the WHO deems unnecessary and opposes — is not based on evidence and rationality, and it not only hurts trade and exchanges, but also fuels "fear and stigma" as the WHO warned. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Tuesday noting the enormous resources that China has mobilized to curb the spread of the virus called for solidarity and urged countries to avoid stigmatization of people who are innocent victims of the situation. Should his appeal for a "strong feeling of support for China" fall on deaf ears, the world might pay the price for losing the window of opportunity to arrest the virus that has been hard-earned by China's heroic efforts.
WS5e3ab4f1a31012821727535b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3ab4f1a31012821727535b.html	2020-02-05	Tanzanian diplomat praises China's efforts to curb coronavirus epidemic	Palamagamba Kabudi, minister for Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation of Tanzania. [Photo/Agencies] Measures taken by China to control the novel coronavirus have effectively prevented the epidemic from spreading to other countries, a senior Tanzanian diplomat said on Wednesday. Palamagamba Kabudi, minister for Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation of Tanzania, expressed gratitude to Beijing for its guarantee of the safety of Tanzanians in China. In a telephone conversation with State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Kabudi said that Tanzania firmly stands with China in this difficult period, and he believes China will win the battle against the epidemic soon. Since Jan 26, Wang has made phone calls with foreign ministers from 18 countries to exchange views on the coronavirus outbreak. Addressing the 146th session of the World Health Organization Executive Board meeting on Tuesday, the Tanzanian delegate spoke highly of the strong and quick measures taken by China to control the virus and avoid worsening of the epidemic. Wang expressed appreciation and gratitude for those remarks. He said that China not only safeguards the safety and health of its own people, but also made contributions to international public health. The current number of infected cases in other countries is less than 1 percent of that in China, showing that China has effectively contained the spread of the epidemic globally, he said. China would like to continue sharing information with other countries in an open and transparent spirit, and continue carrying out health cooperation with African countries, including Tanzania, he added.
WS5e3a9517a310128217275320	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a9517a310128217275320.html	2020-02-05	Coronavirus case in Russia publicizes recent movement on blog	A blogger, indicating he was one of the two confirmed cases of novel coronavirus in Russia, revealed a full picture of his trips from Beijing to Tianjin on Feb 2 to help health authorities find those affected and curb the spread. Russia reported its first two cases of coronavirus on Jan 31 and said the infected people were Chinese citizens who had been isolated. According to Sputnik News, the Chinese man from Jiangxi province surnamed Wang, revealed on his blog written under the name "Russia startup entrepreneur Bin'ge" that he visited Beijing and Tianjin along with his Russian wife and 2-year-old daughter. He said the family went to the National Museum of China in Beijing and took the train from Beijing to Tianjin on Jan 24. "It was highly possible I was infected at the museum's elevator, because our family was warned some people from Wuhan, the epidemic center, had just used the elevator," he said. He revealed the details of transport vehicles, hotels and shopping malls he used and visited, including a Riverside Plaza shopping mall in Tianjin. Tianjin health authorities appreciated his efforts to reveal all details online, and publicized his trips on local media outlets to try to find those affected. According to the Tianjin Health Commission, Tianjin has confirmed 69 cases, two recoveries and one death as of Wednesday morning. The city announced it would make three more hospitals into designated facilities, adding a total of 18,500 rooms. As of Tuesday, 1,226 people were under medical observation in Tianjin.
WS5e3a89d6a310128217275307	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a89d6a310128217275307.html	2020-02-05	Suspected infection rates show decline in new coronavirus numbers	None
WS5e3a7cb1a3101282172752df	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a7cb1a3101282172752df.html	2020-02-05	In show of gratitude, Cambodian families send masks to Chinese doctors to combat coronavirus	A worker unloads aid materials at Wuhan Tianhe International Airport in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo by YUAN ZHENG / FOR CHINA DAILY] PHNOM PENH - Eighty-six Cambodian families, whose children had received free heart surgeries in China donated more than 5,000 masks to Chinese doctors to help them fight against the novel coronavirus, an organizer said. Chea Monyrith, manager of the congenital heart disease project in Cambodia, said the families sent a total of 5,021 masks, including 5,001 surgical masks, to Fuwai Yunnan Cardiovascular Hospital in southwest China's Yunnan Province on Tuesday. The children with congenital heart disease in these families had received free surgeries and treatment at the hospital under the "China-Cambodia Love Heart Journey" program. "The number of masks they donated is not large, and if calculated into money, it's not much, but this truly reflects their profound gratitude and sympathy to Chinese doctors for having saved their children's lives," Monyrith told Xinhua. Demand for masks has soared in China due to the coronavirus outbreak. The overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland had reached 24,324 by the end of Tuesday, China's National Health Commission said, noting that a total of 490 people had died of the disease. Lor Dany, whose 8-year-old son with congenital heart disease was treated by Chinese doctors in May, said he bought 100 masks for the hospital. "I know my contribution is very little because I'm poor, but this is what I can do to show my sincere thanks to Chinese doctors for providing a free surgery to my son," he said. "Without their help, my son's life would be in danger." "I hope China will be able to control the virus as soon as possible," said the resident of southern Takeo province. Dany said Chinese doctors took good care of his son at Fuwai for 15 days while he underwent surgery and treatment. His son has fully recovered from the disease. "I will never forget their kindness towards my son. They give him new life and hope," he said. Sem Vanna, whose 12-year-old nephew was treated by Chinese doctors late last year, said he donated 100 surgical masks to the hospital. "They saved my nephew's life, and now, they are in difficulty, we must help them back," he said. "We wish them good health to continue to save the lives of other patients."
WS5e3a7959a3101282172752d1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a7959a3101282172752d1.html	2020-02-05	The real enemy is coronavirus, not Chinese people: Diplomat	MADRID - The real enemy is not the Chinese people but the novel coronavirus, said Yao Fei, the minister counsellor of the Chinese Embassy in Spain, at a press conference held here on Tuesday. The conference was called to help spread a message of calm over the virus, which has so far claimed over 400 lives after having been reported in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Fears of the outbreak have led to a rise in discrimination against some people of Chinese origin in Spain and elsewhere in Europe, Yao said. "The enemy is the virus, not the Chinese," he said, adding that both China and its nationals were working tirelessly to contain the spread of the epidemic, which has infected more than 20,000 people. "All Chinese people in China and out are working together in this historic struggle that we have against the coronavirus," he said. The number of people who have recovered from the virus now exceeds that of fatalities, he said, adding that the Chinese government has been working with complete "transparency." "We have the determination, the confidence and the capacity to win the battle against the coronavirus," he stressed, thanking Spain and other countries for their "significant, enormous and valuable support to China, which is something we value greatly."
WS5e3a7124a3101282172752a0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a7124a3101282172752a0.html	2020-02-05	Cambodian PM visits Beijing, praises China's anti-coronavirus measures	State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi (left) welcomes visiting Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen (right) in Beijing on Feb 5, 2020. [Photo by Feng Yongbin/chinadaily.com.cn] Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen arrived in Beijing on Wednesday afternoon. Hun Sen will meet with President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang respectively, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying announced the news at an online press conference on Wednesday. She said the Cambodian Prime Minister has spoken highly of the measures China has taken to tackle the novel coronavirus outbreak. China has not arranged a trip to Wuhan for Hun Sen, Hua said, explaining that the city is investing all-out efforts into fighting the epidemic, and there won’t be enough time for the trip. State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi (right) welcomes visiting Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen (left) in Beijing on Feb 5, 2020. [Photo by Feng Yongbin/chinadaily.com.cn] China will do all it can to ensure the health of Cambodian students who are in the country, Hua said. According to a report by The Cambodia China Times on Tuesday, Hun Sen said he was going to visit Cambodian students in Wuhan if the Chinese government agrees.
WS5e3a6ae6a310128217275280	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a6ae6a310128217275280.html	2020-02-05	WLA Shanghai Center discovers potential treatment for novel coronavirus	[Photo/IC] The World Laureates Association Shanghai Center has discovered that an  iminosugar drug called Zavesca, which made its market debut two decades ago, and two other iminosugar drug molecules currently undergoing clinical trials are expected to inhibit the novel coronavirus. Developed by the Oxford Glycobiology Institute, the three products have been used for the treatment of hepatitis B, dengue and influenza. The main purpose of iminosugar drug molecules is to interfere with the production of new viruses in host cells, hence destroying the virus. This mechanism would theoretically have the same effect in inhibiting the novel coronavirus, according to leading scientists from the Oxford Glycobiology Institute. Among the scientists is Raymond Dwek, the director of the institute. Dwek has more than two decades of experience in the development of coronavirus control therapies. If the drug is confirmed to be effective in combating the novel coronavirus, a clinical treatment plan can be designed within a month under optimal conditions, said the WLA Shanghai Center, a collaboration between the Hong Kong-based World Laureates Association and the Shanghai government. "We're making all possible efforts to coordinate resources worldwide to push forward the research regarding this possible therapy," the center said. The finding was a result of the center's efforts to gather top scientists and resources from around the world to aid its investigation into the novel coronavirus since the outbreak of the virus in late January.
WS5e3a686aa310128217275250	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a686aa310128217275250.html	2020-02-05	Int'l cooperation against coronavirus is urgently needed	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, January 24, 2020. /Xinhua Photo The international reaction to the outbreak of the coronavirus was expectedly mixed: the serious and responsible action by the World Health Organization, an intensified international cooperation in research of the new virus, the necessary measures of protection on the one hand and more panicky and politicized reactions on the other. The extreme example of the latter was the now-notorious statement by the U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, suggesting that the outbreak in China represents an economic opportunity for the U.S., now engaged in a trade war against China. The political atmosphere surrounding the outbreak requires careful reflection and responsible handling by the key political actors of the world. While it is necessary to ensure protection against the spreading of the disease, the design of the measures of protection and their presentation to the public must avoid panicky reactions and political manipulation. In the time of social media and internet connectivity it is all too easy to fall into the trap of hyperbole and panic. And, above all, it is necessary to understand that infectious diseases represent a real and growing threat that has to be countered by an adequate international cooperation. Almost two decades ago, the UN established its High Level International Panel on "Threats Challenges and Change" to study the problems of peace and security in our era and propose the ways to address them. In 2004, the Panel published its report in which it identified number of new threats, among them the spreading of infectious diseases which were expected to emerge in the future. Moreover, the report called attention to the overall deterioration of the global health system, which is ill-equipped to protect the world against existing and emerging infectious diseases. Kofi Annan, the UN Secretary-General of the time, wrote, in his introduction to the report: "We need to pay much closer attention to biological security." Our response to HIV/AIDS was "shockingly late and shamefully ill-resourced." These were strong warnings, not heeded at the time as they should have been. The experience of the world with global effects of epidemics is not new and it shows that improvements in the global system of cooperation are long overdue. For example, the influenza pandemic of 1919, started in Europe and killed 100 million people. HIV/AIDS in the late 20th century started in the United States and represented a global threat for more than two decades. And it is not yet eradicated. The experiences of international reaction to the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and with the bird flu – both in our century – have been a reminder of the problems that had to be addressed globally. However, the international action remained short lived and have not yet led to a more robust international system of protection. China has been exposed to these dangers more than most other countries of the world. The ongoing combination of rapid urbanization and global climate change have created conditions in which new viruses emerge and are transmitted from animals to humans more easily than before. They also spread among humans more speedily. The evolution of air traffic has added to this, in particular since the speed of air travel vastly outpaces the incubation periods for most of the infectious diseases. In these circumstances China has reacted to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus with determination and systematically. Scientific cooperation among the research centers around the world has intensified remarkably. Examples of successful treatment of people infected by coronavirus are not yet numerous, but the first cases from China and Thailand are encouraging. The world has all the means to succeed in curbing the outbreak. Some important tasks have to be accomplished at the political level. First and foremost, this is the time to express solidarity with the people in China and to support all the efforts of China in fighting the disease. The demonstrated ability to mobilize its vast human, material and financial resources is a major source of self-confidence for China. If there were shortcomings in the early phases of the outbreak, they can be remedied now and its health system strengthened. The international community has every reason to trust China to do its best and to succeed. At the global level, the international community has to revisit the task of improving the system of protection against infectious diseases. As mentioned above, this is not a new task. However, the activities pursued so far have not yet yielded the desired results. Now is a good time to remind the world leaders of the half-finished debates of the past two decades and of the need to strengthen the international cooperation for an adequate protection against the global spreading of infectious diseases. Peace is more than a mere absence of a global war. Peace requires much more and protection of lives against epidemics must be a priority. This is not a time for futile criticism of globalization, but rather a time for strengthened multilateral cooperation, which alone can secure a peaceful and a more prosperous world.
WS5e3a6755a31012821727522e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a6755a31012821727522e.html	2020-02-05	10 test positive for novel coronavirus on quarantined cruise ship in Japan	Officers in protective gear escort a person (under the blue sheet) who was on board cruise ship Diamond Princess and was tested positive for coronavirus, after the person is transferred to a maritime police base in Yokohama, south of Tokyo on Feb 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Test results show that 10 people on a cruise ship quarantined off the coast in Japan are infected with the novel coronavirus, the Japanese health minister said Wednesday. After an 80-year-old passenger from Hong Kong was found to be infected with the pneumonia-causing virus, the ship, the Diamond Princess, has been kept in quarantine off the port of Yokohama, a city south of Tokyo. Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Katsunobu Kato said at a press conference that of the roughly 3,700 people from 56 countries and regions aboard, 273 people who had close contact with the infected passenger took the virus test, and results for 31 of them had come back. The ten passengers in their 50s to 80s tested positive and were being sent to hospital, but none had severe symptoms, the minister said. The government is asking all passengers and crew to stay on the ship for two more weeks from Wednesday, Kato said. The virus-infected passenger from Hong Kong flew to Tokyo in mid-January and boarded the cruise ship in Yokohama on Jan 20.
WS5e3a6300a3101282172751fd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a6300a3101282172751fd.html	2020-02-05	Foreign volunteer does his part to curb spread of coronavirus	Munyaradzi Gurure carries an 8-kilogram electric sprayer to disinfect the waiting room at the Yulin train station in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. [Photo by Huang Tai for chinadaily.com.cn] Wearing a yellow hat, vest and face mask, Munyaradzi Gurure stood at the Yulin train station in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, busily checking the body temperature of passengers at the entrance. Though overwhelmed by the news of the novel coronavirus outbreak, the 21-year-old student at Guangxi University of Finance and Economics from South Africa has still stepped out to serve as a volunteer in the train station to help battle the epidemic. "I'm well aware the situation of epidemic prevention and control is very severe," he said. "Seeing that many people actively joined in the fight, I also wanted to do my part and volunteer at the station." Munyaradzi Gurure stands at the Yulin train station in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, busily checking the body temperature of passengers at the entrance. [Photo by Huang Tai for chinadaily.com.cn] Invited by his friend Li Yuzhao, who works at the station, to sing a song for the first day of the Spring Festival travel rush on Jan 10, Gurure began to take part in volunteer work at the station to experience the largest human migration on the planet. However, the novel coronavirus outbreak in China began in tandem with the Lunar New Year, with many parts of the country going under quarantine in hopes of stemming the spread of the disease. With the number of novel coronavirus cases continuing to rise both in and outside of China, Gurure's family back in South Africa was very worried about his health, and hoped he would quit the volunteer job. "I told my parents China has taken a lot of strong quarantine measures and is actually safe," he said. "I want to do whatever I can to prevent the spread of the infection. The country took really good care of me during the last three years. Now it's my turn." Munyaradzi Gurure stands at the Yulin train station in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, busily checking the body temperature of passengers at the entrance. [Photo by Huang Tai for chinadaily.com.cn] Working about four hours a day, Gurure either carries an 8-kilogram electric sprayer to disinfect the waiting room or checks everyone's temperature as soon as they walk into the station. He also makes sure people are in good health and wearing masks at all times. Though it's not easy work, Gurure came across many Chinese passengers who are very surprised to see a foreign face, but then give a thumbs up and say "very good" to him in Chinese. This encourages him to keep up the challenging work. Gurure's foreign classmates found out about his volunteer job and sent messages saying "good job", some showing interest in joining him to help curb the spread of the virus. Munyaradzi Gurure carries an 8-kilogram electric sprayer to disinfect the waiting room at the Yulin train station in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. [Photo by Huang Tai for chinadaily.com.cn] "A large number of medical workers have taken the initiative to join in treating patients, and many have donated material for epidemic prevention. I see strong national cohesion rather than fear from Chinese people in the fight against the novel coronavirus," he said. Gurure's stayed in China for last year's Spring Festival; he went to a concert and watched fireworks with his friend. But in light of the coronavirus, cities around the country canceled their holiday events this year. "When the epidemic is over, I just want to go outside and breathe fresh air without wearing a mask," he said. "And maybe go to another concert." Munyaradzi Gurure carries an 8-kilogram electric sprayer to disinfect the waiting room at the Yulin train station in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. [Photo by Huang Tai for chinadaily.com.cn] Munyaradzi Gurure carries an 8-kilogram electric sprayer to disinfect the waiting room at the Yulin train station in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. [Photo by Huang Tai for chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e3a5aafa3101282172751b3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a5aafa3101282172751b3.html	2020-02-05	Malaysia reports first recovered case from novel coronavirus	A mother helps her son to put on a face mask at Kuala Lumpur International Airport, following the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China, in Sepang, Malaysia, Feb 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] KUALA LUMPUR - A four-year-old Chinese national who had previously diagnosed with the novel coronavirus has fully recovered and will be allowed to return home to China, the Malaysian Health Ministry said late Tuesday. The girl had been one of the 10 confirmed cases in the country and the first one to have recovered after testing positive on Jan 29, according to Health Ministry Director-General Noor Hisham Abdullah. The patient was being treated on Langkawi Island in Kedah state, a popular tourist destination. Nor Hisham said the girl had tested negative twice over 24-hours for the infection. "This case shows that the 2019-nCoV infection is treatable and that the patient can recover completely, as many other cases have also been reported in China. The idea that many people have that the disease is always fatal is not accurate," he said.
WS5e3a59eaa3101282172751ad	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a59eaa3101282172751ad.html	2020-02-05	Messages and advice for expats to fight coronavirus	None
WS5e3a5267a31012821727517d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a5267a31012821727517d.html	2020-02-05	Coronavirus downturn still too early to call: Expert	A patient infected with novel coronavirus gives a thumb-up to doctors from Beijing's China-Japan Friendship Hospital on Feb 3. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] A senior medical expert said on Tuesday there is not enough evidence to predict the peak or turning point of the Wuhan coronavirus epidemic, despite the growth rate of new suspected cases decreasing recently. Wang Chen, the president of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, said the current situation is still serious and unclear, and "should never be underestimated". "We don't have the evidence to predict when the epidemic will reach its peak or turning point," he told Xinhua News Agency. The country has implemented many decisive and smart measures, such as prolonging the holiday and setting up temporary hospitals, and the key is to carry them out effectively, he added. The National Health Commission said around 3,971 new suspected cases were reported on Tuesday, making it the first time since Jan 29 that number dipped below 4,000 people. There were a total of 23,260 suspected cases on the Chinese mainland as of Tuesday at midnight. On Monday, the number of new suspected cases was 5,072 — 65 less than the day prior — thus the growth rate of suspected cases has slowed for two consecutive days. "The most urgent task at hand is to stop the spread of the virus," Wang said. "Right now viral transmission between family members is particularly severe. If many patients with mild symptoms are staying at home or moving around in their community, they will be the main source of the infection. Without effective treatment, these patients will get into trouble and even life threatening situations." "We may have to take some powerful and even relatively extreme professional measures to intervene," he added. "If not, the situation can worsen. Swiftly identify and gather milder patients into a designated quarantine area where they can be taken care of by medical professionals. This is of utmost importance." To serve this end, since Monday the city of Wuhan, Hubei province, began turning warehouses, sports and convention centers, and other large public areas into temporary hospitals named "Ark Hospitals". Right now three such hospitals have been established, providing sick beds for 4,300 patients with mild symptoms, Wang said. "These large-scale 'Ark Hospitals' are not field hospitals during wartime or earthquake rescue missions," he said. "It is something we have never done and a major achievement in our nation's public health and medical development." These centers and public spaces can be modified to take patients within 24 hours, and they can be easily returned to their former purposes at little cost, he said. Moreover, because patients admitted are only mildly ill, medical staff can quickly perform diagnoses and provide necessary treatment. However, these hospitals will require meticulous management and logistical support, Wang said. "Protective suits and medical masks are still the most-needed medical supply."
WS5e3a482ea310128217275152	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a482ea310128217275152.html	2020-02-05	Chinese envoy in NYC warns against overreaction to coronavirus outbreak	Huang Ping, Chinese consul general in New York. [Photo by Jiang Chenglong/China Daily] A Chinese envoy in New York said Tuesday that all measures for curbing the novel coronavirus being taken by various countries can be understood but "should be taken on scientific bases" and that those countries should "not overreact". "We understand the measures from different countries taken since [the coronavirus] outbreak, but I believe all those measures should be on scientific bases," Huang Ping, Chinese consul general in New York, said at a news conference. "Since the outbreak, many countries have taken measures in prevention and control, but I think the guidance from the World Health Organization is very important," he said, quoting WHO's advice against restricting travel or business. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said Monday there was no need for measures that "unnecessarily interfere with international travel and trade" in trying to halt the virus' spread. "We call on all countries to implement decisions that are evidence based and consistent," he told the WHO executive board in Geneva, reiterating his message from last week when he declared an international emergency. Huang praised the United Nations' agency's guidance, saying, "We should follow the guidance of the WHO and not overreact." The WHO's latest data show that the novel coronavirus, officially named 2019-nCoV, has infected 24,000 people globally, 99 percent of whom are in China. According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 11 cases are confirmed in the country, and three suspected cases are under investigation in New York City. The Chinese Consulate General in New York on Saturday issued a notice calling on all Chinese residents from Hubei province who recently arrived in the consular district to report personal necessary information to the consulate, including name, phone number, address and whether they have a cough and fever. The consular district covers 10 states in the eastern US, including New York, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania. About 150 cases have been reported in 23 countries outside China. "We have now collected more than 200 persons' information, and they are all in good condition," said Huang. "We will get ready to help when help is needed." One confirmed case was reported on Saturday in Boston. Huang said the infected individual is in good condition. "I personally went to Boston yesterday," he said. "And I was so happy to learn the student's condition is very stable." According to officials in Boston, the young man, a Chinese national, recently traveled to Wuhan, China, and sought medical care soon after his return to Massachusetts. He has been isolated since his return and will continue to remain in isolation until cleared by public health officials. "I want to remind everyone that it is possible for anyone to get a virus and become sick. We want to make sure we are not letting fear of the coronavirus get the best of us," tweeted Boston Mayor Marty Walsh on Saturday. "We will always treat everyone with compassion and respect." Commenting on media reports of prejudice against Chinese people amid the outbreak, Huang said that such behavior should be condemned. "The enemy is not the Chinese but the virus. People should be united together to deal with this," he said. "We have been working very closely with the international community and sharing information in joint efforts to deal with the disease," the envoy said. Huang said China has invited experts from the WHO and other countries to come to China to study the virus. "The US government has expressed the willingness to send experts to join the WHO team. We are looking forward to it and are thankful for that," he said.
WS5e3a4361a31012821727513b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a4361a31012821727513b.html	2020-02-05	Sri Lanka lauds China's response to novel coronavirus outbreak	Sri Lanka praises the swift action and effective measures taken by China to prevent and control the novel coronavirus outbreak, and appreciates its commitment to ensuring the safety of foreign nationals, a senior diplomat said. "China is a longstanding friend of Sri Lanka, therefore, we stand in solidarity with the people and the government of China at this hour of difficulty", said K K Yoganaadan, acting ambassador of the Embassy of Sri Lanka in China. The pneumonia epidemic caused by the novel coronavirus has become an international concern, as the virus has spread to several other Asian nations and reached Australia, the United States and Europe, as well. By the late Monday, the novel coronavirus outbreak had seen 20,438 confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland, including 425 deaths, according to the National Health Commission. The World Health Organization declared the pneumonia outbreak a public health emergency of international concern on Thursday, and at the same time, the WHO has expressed their confidence in the efforts taken by the Chinese government to manage the situation. The statement by the WHO is a professional, unbiased reflection of the actual situation while highlighting the need for member countries to be vigilant, Yoganaadan said. Noting the situation is quite alarming, Yoganaadan said he is impressed by measures taken by China to disseminate information, provide medical supplies, deploy additional medical personnel, and build new medical infrastructure to treat those infected and control the spread of the virus. The commitment shown by the Chinese government to ensure the supply of food and medicine to foreign nationals and offer discounted airfare to facilitate their exit from China and return to their home countries is highly appreciated, he said.
WS5e3a3c8ea31012821727512e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a3c8ea31012821727512e.html	2020-02-05	Robots on patrol help fight coronavirus	A robot, capable of checking the body temperature of people five meters away, works outside a shopping mall in Guangzhou, Guangdong province to help fight the novel coronavirus. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] A robot capable of checking the body temperature of people from five meters away, believed to be the first of its kind in the country, has begun duty in Guangzhou, Guangdong province to help fight the novel coronavirus outbreak. Powered by 5G telecommunications technology, the robot has an infrared thermometer and is capable of checking the temperatures of 10 people simultaneously. It can also judge whether a passerby is wearing a mask, as presently required. A high temperature or absence of a mask triggers the alert. Patrol robots, developed by GOSUNCN Group Co in Guangzhou Development District, hit the market in 2016 and the company has developed new applications rapidly after the novel coronavirus outbreak, General Manager Bo Lin said. The company has dispatched robots to a number of major cities in the country to help with disease control as people are set to return to their jobs after the Spring Festival holiday, Bo said. The company has also launched a product facilitating remote meetings between a lawyer and client, as well as remote interrogation by the police -- situations in which people don't normally wear masks, but the absence of a mask poses health risks during the epidemic.
WS5e3a353da310128217275120	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a353da310128217275120.html	2020-02-05	E-doctor firms pitching in for coronavirus fight	A visitor experiences Ping An Good Doctor's one-minute diagnosis service during a healthcare industry exhibition in Zhengzhou, Henan province, on Nov 22. [Photo by Liu Xu/For China Daily] Chinese internet-based medical companies have seen spikes in use volume after joining efforts to fight the novel coronavirus by offering online consultation services. Many internet medical service platforms, including Ali Health, PingAn Good Doctor, Dingdang Kuaiyi and 3gujk.com, have joined hands to offer free online consultation and livestreaming from renowned professionals to the public. Data showed online medical services have been well-received. According to Ali Health, during the first 24 hours after its mini-consultation service was open online, the platform attracted an cumulative 400,000 visits. More than 10 other internet-based healthcare enterprises, such as WeDoctor, haodf.com and dxy.com, launched free online consultation services in Hubei province, epicenter of the outbreak. "The fight against the novel coronavirus has brought new growth points for the internet medical sector. As the epidemic entered a high incidence period during the Spring Festival, and most people are now staying home to avoid cross-contamination, online consultation became the public's first choice," said Chen Qiaoshan, a healthcare analyst at Beijing-based market consultancy Analysys. She noted internet medical companies are meeting current needs and making full use of their unique advantages of rapid response for online consultation, remote isolation and diversion before consultation. "Their free online medical services have greatly benefited the public, especially those in Hubei province," Chen said. Guided by Chinese Medical Volunteers, a welfare organization in Beijing, Guizhou-based internet medical company Longmaster and Ping An Insurance (Group) Co Ltd launched a 24-hour online platform to offer video and image consultation services for free. By Feb 4, the online platform accumulated more than 500 volunteer doctors from tertiary-level hospitals and above. The services now cover 31 provinces in China, as well as 15 countries and regions outside China.
WS5e3a308ea310128217275111	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a308ea310128217275111.html	2020-02-05	Valentine's Day films pulled from cinemas amid coronavirus epidemic	Films scheduled to release during Valentine's season.[Photo/CGTN] Chinese movie industry has witnessed more films being pulled from cinemas due to the threat of the coronavirus. All seven films scheduled for a Spring Festival release were canceled. Now several films scheduled for Valentine's Day have also announced cancellation. A total of 15 films were scheduled to hit cinemas during the Valentine's season, including Chinese romance "The Enigma of Arrival," Germany-American comedy "Jojo Rabbit," and Japanese animation "Children of the Sea." So far, "The Enigma of Arrival" and "Jojo Rabbit" have officially announced cancellation. Other films haven't made an announcement yet, but a report on Tencent quoting "film industry insiders" says all 15 films will cancel their theatrical openings. When and where to see the films? Chinese Kungfu icon Donnie Yen's "Enter the Fat Dragon," scheduled for February 14, moved to streaming services on Saturday. This is the second film that has been launched online after "Lost in Russia" due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. It's still unclear if other films will follow suit and opt for the online release. But some experts say a webcast release won't suit all the films. Romantic movies like "Wild Grass" and "Love You Forever" are the type of films that many people will go to the theater to see on Valentine's Day due to the romantic atmosphere they aim to create. Many users said on social media platforms that if the movies are released online, the audience's sense of ritual will be largely discounted. Some suggest to reschedule the films to the Double Seventh Festival, Chinese version of Valentine's Day, which falls on the 7th day of the seventh lunar month, or August 25 in the Gregorian calendar, for better ticket sales. The situations for imported films are more complicated. Four out of the 15 movies are imported, including "Jojo Rabbit," "Children of the Sea," "Five Feet Apart" and "Little Women." Due to the complex procedures and transnational stakeholders behind these films, it may take a long time for all the parties involved to figure out a plan. A change for the film industry? Due to the coronavirus epidemic, China's main streaming websites are perhaps playing the largest role ever in the Chinese film industry. Many insiders predict that more big films will choose online release even after this difficult period of time. China's three main streaming services – Tencent Video, iQiyi and Youku – account for a large number of subscribers. That's something film production companies can't ignore. It took 101 days on average for a film to become available online after it's release in theaters in 2016, but the number shortened to 47 in 2019, down 54 percent. That's according to Enlighten, a platform specializing in data analysis in China's entertainment industry. Meanwhile, video streaming services are producing their own films as well. Last year, iQiyi launched its Original Films Plan, under which it aims to invest in a series of films with a budget between $ 2.9 million and $ 7 million. No matter who's behind the production, good content is always what the audience needs, as Donnie Yen said on his Weibo account, China's microblogging service platform. "With the development of the internet, it's an inevitable trend for films to be shown on mobilized devices. What I can do is to try my best to make good films for my fans and audiences," he wrote.
WS5e3a1c24a310128217274fbb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a1c24a310128217274fbb.html	2020-02-05	WHO says coronavirus is not yet a pandemic	Sylvie Briand, Director of global infectious hazard preparedness at the World Health Organization (WHO) attends a news conference on the new coronavirus outbreak in Geneva, Switzerland Feb 4, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Agency hopes measures taken so far will stop transmission, 'get rid' of virus The World Health Organization, or WHO, has said the deadly outbreak of the novel coronavirus does not yet constitute a pandemic. Sylvie Briand, WHO's director of global infectious hazard preparedness, said on Tuesday: "Currently, we are not in a pandemic. We are at the phase where it is an epidemic with multiple foci, and we try to extinguish the transmission in each of these foci." She praised the measures put in place by the Chinese authorities to halt the transmission, including the building of new hospitals to handle the outbreak, as other affected countries have also taken steps to avoid the spread of the virus. Briand said while there is rapid spread of transmission in Hubei, the epicenter of the outbreak, the cases outside the province are mainly "spillover" cases, with sporadic clusters of transmission. "Countries are implementing early case detection, early isolation and treatment of patients, contact tracing to make sure they identify very early contacts that become symptomatic," she said. "We hope that, based on those measures in Hubei but also in other places where we have had spillover, we can stop transmission and get rid of this virus." Briand also warned of "harmful rumors or misinformation" and stressed the importance of tackling misleading material. "When you deal with an epidemic, you rapidly see, in addition to the epidemic of diseases, we often have an epidemic of information and this is what we call infodemic," she said. "It's really an epidemic of rumors, false information that is circulating at the same time, and every outbreak has infodemic and so we have realized over time this infodemic could really be an obstacle for good response and hamper effective implementation of counter measures." She pointed out that when there is an unknown, "people try to fill in the void with different kinds of information". Briand also highlighted the need to avoid discrimination linked to the outbreak. "Fear and stigma go together and when people fear, they tend to stigmatize some groups and what we try to do really is to reduce this fear," Briand said. At least 425 people have died and more than 20,000 cases have been confirmed on the Chinese mainland. On Monday, WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said: "There is no reason for measures that unnecessarily interfere with international travel and trade. We call on all countries to implement decisions that are evidence-based and consistent." Tedro's comments come after Beijing accused Washington of spreading fear by imposing a travel ban, and not extending help to China.
WS5e3a1ba6a310128217274faa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a1ba6a310128217274faa.html	2020-02-05	Medical workers set off to aid coronavirus control efforts in Hubei	Medical workers pose for a group photo before setting out for Hubei Province at Xining Caojiapu International Airport in Xining, Northwest China's Qinghai province, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of 100 medical members from 25 hospitals in Xining and Haidong set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical workers cheer for each other before setting out for Hubei province at Xining Caojiapu International Airport in Xining, Northwest China's Qinghai province, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of 100 medical members from 25 hospitals in Xining and Haidong set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Jiang Shan (L), the supervising technician of radiology department of the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University, says goodbye to his wife before setting out for Hubei province in Changsha, Central China's Hunan province, Feb 4, 2020. A medical team comprised of 42 members from the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical members of the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University gather before setting out for Hubei Province in Changsha, Central China's Hunan province, Feb 4, 2020. A medical team comprised of 42 members from the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Zhang Lei (R), a doctor of nephrology department of the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University, hugs his wife before setting out for Hubei province in Changsha, Central China's Hunan province, Feb 4, 2020. A medical team comprised of 42 members from the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical care team members wave goodbye before setting off for Central China's Hubei province, in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, Feb 4, 2020. A medical care team comprised of 101 members set off for Hubei from Nanchang to combat the novel coronavirus pneumonia on Tuesday.[Photo/Xinhua] Medical care team members queue to board a plane setting off for Central China's Hubei province, in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, Feb 4, 2020. A medical care team comprised of 101 members set off for Hubei from Nanchang to combat the novel coronavirus pneumonia on Tuesday. [Photo/Xinhua] A medical care team member (R) hugs her husband before setting off for Central China's Hubei province, in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, Feb 4, 2020. A medical care team comprised of 101 members set off for Hubei from Nanchang to combat the novel coronavirus pneumonia on Tuesday. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical workers gather at Changshui International Airport in Kunming, capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of medical teams of 102 members from Yunnan set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical workers wave goodbye at Changshui International Airport in Kunming, capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of medical teams of 102 members from Yunnan set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical workers gather at Changshui International Airport in Kunming, capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of medical teams of 102 members from Yunnan set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical workers board a plane at Changshui International Airport in Kunming, capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of medical teams of 102 members from Yunnan set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical workers gather at Changshui International Airport in Kunming, capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of medical teams of 102 members from Yunnan set off on Tuesday to aid the coronavirus control efforts in Hubei. [Photo/Xinhua]  
WS5e3a1765a310128217274f75	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a1765a310128217274f75.html	2020-02-05	Daily necessities sent to Hubei to aid novel coronavirus fight	A cargo train bound for Hubei province is seen at a railway station in Nanning, South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of cargo train loaded with vegetables and fruits set out from Nanning to aid Hubei in its fight against novel coronavirus pneumonia. [Photo/Xinhua] A container carrying supplies for Hubei province is lifted at a railway port in Nanning, South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of cargo train loaded with vegetables and fruits set out from Nanning to aid Hubei in its fight against novel coronavirus pneumonia. [Photo/Xinhua] A container carrying supplies for Hubei province is lifted at a railway port in Nanning, South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of cargo train loaded with vegetables and fruits set out from Nanning to aid Hubei in its fight against novel coronavirus pneumonia. [Photo/Xinhua] A worker loads fruits onto a container at a railway port in Nanning, South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Feb 4, 2020. The second batch of cargo train loaded with vegetables and fruits set out from Nanning to aid Hubei in its fight against novel coronavirus pneumonia. [Photo/Xinhua]  
WS5e3a1549a310128217274f2f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a1549a310128217274f2f.html	2020-02-05	Teens illustrate dedication to beat the coronavirus	Yang Xiayu poses with his mother, a military medic in Shanghai who has been dispatched to Wuhan, Hubei province, to combat the novel coronavirus. [Photo provided to China Daily] School students' stories about their medical-professional parents responding to the call to work win praise nationwide An essay written by a teenager garnered many likes online recently. The writer, Yang Xiayu, told how his mother, a military medic, had traveled to Wuhan, Hubei province, to help combat the novel coronavirus, online news portal The Paper reported on Friday. Xiayu is a sixth grader at No 2 Experimental School affiliated to Shanghai Normal University in the city's Putuo district, and his mother is a chief orthopedics nurse at No 905 Military Hospital of the People's Liberation Army Navy. The essay was a winter break assignment, and Xiayu said he wrote the story because he was moved by his mother's response to the call to serve. Yuan Jianzhou, the school's vice-president, said Xiayu's essay was one of 191 the school received. It was so touching that his Chinese teacher submitted it to the Shanghai Morning Post's WeChat account, which published the essay online and received many touching responses, such as "This mother sets the best example for her child" and "Thumbs up for this hero mother." Liu Jun, an education officer in Putuo, said the district had recently called for essays documenting this "unusual winter holiday", and students began submitting stories about people's fights against the outbreak. Some wrote about their medical-professional parents, some wrote about donating masks and money, and some wrote about social workers' efforts to prevent transmission of the illness. The essays documented this unusual holiday-a hard time eased by the deeds of many individuals, Liu said. Below are two essays written by students An unusual winter holiday By Yang Xiayu, Class 4, Grade 6, No 2 Experimental School affiliated to Shanghai Normal University Jan 24 was Lunar New Year's Eve. The ringing of the phone woke me up from a sweet dream. As I opened my drowsy eyes, mom was already on the phone: "Yes, director, I am on holiday with my family in Changzhou (a city in Jiangsu province). What time? Okay, we will be on our way at once." Click! Mom turned on the bedroom light, and jostled my dad and me awake. "Quickly, we have to pack up and go back to Shanghai now. I need to report for emergency work for Wuhan at 11 am," she said. Dad grumbled, "It's only 5 am-why can't you let me have a good holiday!" The sudden light made it hard for me to open my eyes as I snuggled into my duvet and complained: "Today is Lunar New Year's Eve, and we have a family dinner with great-grandfather and aunties. I want to receive lucky money when we pay visits to relatives. I haven't celebrated Spring Festival in the countryside for years!" As she pulled me out of bed and helped me to dress, Mom said, "My baby, I will explain to you on the way. Now, get up and pack up your stuff." In the wake of our noise, grandpa and grandma, who were sleeping in the next room, got up. One started preparing breakfast, while the other started packing things and making phone calls. At 7 am, we had a simple, quick breakfast and put our luggage in the car, leaving stuff that didn't fit in. It was raining and foggy, and the sky was still dark. Mom dragged me into the car, despite my crying for New Year visits, and Dad started the engine. The rain became heavier and the road was blanketed with fog. The windshield wipers worked at the highest frequency, but we could only see about 50 meters ahead. Sometimes, Mom urged Dad to drive faster, but at others she warned him to slow down. That made me carsick, and I felt awful about this Spring Festival. The rain stopped as we drove on the highway to Shanghai, and Mom finally had time to turn around and talk to me. "I know you are not happy, but do you know why Mom has to give up her holiday and go to Wuhan? Because there is a new type of virus in Wuhan-hundreds of people are infected and thousands are in quarantine," she said. "Is it more serious than flu?" I asked. "Definitely. Remember when 16 classmates couldn't go to school last month because they had the flu? This pneumonia-like virus is more dangerous. In 2003, a similar virus called SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) broke out in China, infecting thousands and claiming 700 lives globally. You were not born then." I felt so upset when Mom showed me photos of the SARS outbreak: people wore masks, doctors and nurses put on hazmat suits, and few people walked on the streets. "Mom, must you go?" I asked, worried. "Yes, I am a chief nurse, and I am a military medic. My job is to heal the wounded and help the dying," she said. "Now Wuhan is in danger-it is your father's hometown, and your mom must go and help save it." When we arrived in Shanghai, Mom rushed inside our home. After just 10 minutes, she was downstairs again with a small bag. Looking at her, I was about to cry. I knew she wouldn't be with us for a long time and I wouldn't be able to eat her cooking. She was going to brave the dangerous virus. She hugged me and patted my head. As she left she said, "Be a man." I nodded. Grandpa cooked noodles for our Lunar New Year's Eve dinner. There was little festive feeling, and I didn't even want to watch the Spring Festival Gala on television. Outside, there were no sounds of traffic or firecrackers. Time seemed to stop. At 8 pm, Mom called. "Watch the news on (China) Central Television," she said, hanging up before we could answer. I turned on the television. It was broadcasting footage of reinforcements by military medics from Shanghai to Wuhan, and Mom was on the screen. Wearing the blue uniform of the People's Liberation Army Navy, Mom and 150 other Navy medics were on their way to an airplane. The cargo plane had its back door wide open, and Mom and her comrades rushed to board, quietly and orderly. Their faces were solemn and anxious, and the only sound was that of shoes hitting the ground in unison and the orders given by the commander. Finally, the airplane taxied to the runway and took off into the night sky. Wuhan, tonight you will no longer be on your own! Mom and her comrades are coming! After watching the broadcast, I was no longer upset and I fell asleep, thinking: Tomorrow is the first day of the Lunar New Year. Life will continue, Mom will triumph and Wuhan will be safe again. An ordinary family's contribution By Zhan Yuxiao, Class 1, Grade 8, No 2 Experimental School affiliated to Shanghai Normal University As the final exams finished, the first semester of the academic year drew to an end. But the weather wouldn't cool down. December was unusually warm, with temperatures rising and falling dramatically from time to time-there seemed to be something special about this winter. At home, everything carried on as usual. As in previous years, we spent the Spring Festival holiday in my mother's hometown of Yangzhou, Jiangsu province. The celebrations in Yangzhou started as early as a week before the big day. Walking on the streets, you could easily feel that the festival was just around the corner. The whole city was immersed in a joyful holiday mood. Everything was just like it used to be-the views, the buildings, the happy family gatherings. It was only after two days that the news broke: a new coronavirus had broken out in a seafood market in Wuhan, Hubei province. Panic sparked by the virus was all over the place. TV and social media were broadcasting breaking news every day-the number of confirmed infections had risen by a few hundred in a single day; the virus could be transmitted by humans. Suddenly, surgical masks were sold out, fever clinics were overcrowded and doctors rushed to Wuhan. As I browsed the worrying headlines, I secretly hoped that my Dad wouldn't go. After all, he wasn't in the Fever Clinic Department. Lunar New Year's Eve is a time for family reunions. We prepared dinner together. I was so happy that Grandpa taught me how to cook Yangzhou meatballs. After dinner, we watched the Spring Festival Gala on TV. Everyone was happy, except for Dad. He kept checking his phone, his looks becoming more and more solemn. On the morning of Lunar New Year's Day, Mom and Dad announced that it was time to return to Shanghai. Before I could digest what was happening we were driving on the highway, and trees and streetlamps flashed outside the car window. I couldn't shake off all the questions in my head. Why were we going back so suddenly? Dad is not a doctor in the fever clinic, after all. There were already confirmed cases in Shanghai and the news said tourists from Hubei had all been settled in a hotel, so there were still risks. How could Mom disregard all these factors and agree to return? She is the one who always makes health the family's top priority. When we got closer to home, I noticed something was different. The usually busy shopping mall was quiet. At the gates of residential communities, doctors in protective suits and volunteers wearing surgical masks were conducting checkups on passersby. That was when I realized the virus had spread from Wuhan to other places, so Dad had to cancel his holiday and return to work. While most people stay home during the crisis, doctors and nurses have to do their jobs, even when it means facing the disease. When Dad was about to leave home, he turned around. I recalled what I had read online and said: "Avoid going out. Wear a mask if we have to." Dad paused and broke into a smile: "That's my good boy. Dad will help the other doctors save lives. You will now help take care of our family." Mom put a mask over Dad's mouth. "Just go. I will be here," she said. I feel so proud. My dad is just an ordinary man, but he's also a doctor willing to take risks to save lives. My family is just an ordinary family, but we are willing to make sacrifices for the whole of society and make our contribution, just like the families of many other doctors. It is said that life is easy only because others shoulder all the difficulties. In this unusual winter break, I came to understand that every ordinary family contributes indispensable strength to society. As the illness rages, it is my dad and his fellow doctors and nurses who are holding up the sky for this country.
WS5e3a13e2a310128217274f1e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a13e2a310128217274f1e.html	2020-02-05	Chinese hospitals discharge 892 recovered patients of coronavirus infection	BEIJING -- A total of 892 patients infected with the novel coronavirus had been discharged from hospital after recovery by the end of Tuesday, Chinese health authorities announced Wednesday. Tuesday saw 262 people walk out of the hospital after recovery (125 in Hubei), the National Health Commission said in its daily report. By the end of Tuesday, a total of 490 people had died of the disease and 24,324 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection had been reported in 31 provincial-level regions and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps in China.
WS5e3a0f70a310128217274ec2	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a0f70a310128217274ec2.html	2020-02-05	Intl community praises China's response to novel coronavirus	 
WS5e3a0c13a310a2fabb7a1e85	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e3a0c13a310a2fabb7a1e85.html	2020-02-05	Ex-WHO chief praises China's prompt efforts in coronavirus control	Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun, the former director-general of the World Health Organization, praised China for its prompt, transparent efforts in effectively controlling the spread of the novel coronavirus. It was within about one week's time that China was able to submit the virus's genetic sequence to the WHO to share public health information. Many countries from different regions of the WHO, like Tanzania, Germany and Singapore, thanked China for taking appropriate action to protect itself and to protect the rest of the world, Chan revealed during an exclusive interview on the phone with China Daily on Tuesday. Chan, who is an honorary director-general of the WHO, cited Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus of the WHO, who has commended China for taking very appropriate and decisive measures and having the confidence and capability to control the outbreak and to protect the Chinese people in China, as well as the health of people in other countries. The coronavirus, which originated in Wuhan of Central China's Hubei province, has infected over 20,000 people on the Chinese mainland. For epidemic control in Hong Kong, Chan is pleased that the Hong Kong government follows the WHO's guidelines, which are formulated on an evidence-based approach. Chan is Hong Kong's former director of health. "The WHO does not recommend restrictions on travel and trade. The WHO recommends non-discrimination against patients from all countries of the world," she said in response to the closure of the Hong Kong cross-border checkpoints that connect with the mainland. So far, Hong Kong has closed 10 of its 14 immigration checkpoints in an attempt to curb the spread of the virus. Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor dismissed the suggestion of banning all those who have recently visited the mainland from entering Hong Kong, as the government must treat every visitor in a fair way. While acknowledging the Hong Kong Department of Health and Hospital Authority's extensive experience in handling epidemic outbreaks, Chan also warned that Hong Kong remains in a critical situation to fight the spread of the novel coronavirus that originated from Wuhan, and the next two weeks will be very crucial. If proper infection control measures are adopted, including surveillance, early detection, contact tracing and isolation of patients, and people are practicing good personal hygiene, Hong Kong citizens need not panic, Chan said. Hong Kong has recorded 18 cases of the coronavirus and one patient infected with the virus died on Tuesday. joseph@chinadailyhk.com
WS5e39f85ba310128217274e3c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e39f85ba310128217274e3c.html	2020-02-05	In its fight against the coronavirus China is fighting for the world	Medical workers transfer patients to the newly built Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, at about 9 am on Feb 4. [Photo by Xian Gan/People's Daily/Provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Despite the continuous increase in the number of people infected with the novel coronavirus in China－nearly 21,000 as of Tuesday evening－since late last week, the number of those cured has surpassed those that have died of it, representing an important turning point in the fight against the virus. According to the National Health Commission, as of Tuesday evening, 739 people had been cured while 426 had died. Also, the daily gap between the two numbers is becoming wider－261 people were announced cured on Tuesday, with 65 people confirmed to have died. To put the Wuhan outbreak in perspective, the death rate is 2.1 percent while the death rate in the H1N1 influenza pandemic－that spread to 214 countries from the United States in 2009 and claimed at least 18,500 lives－was 17.4 percent, according to the World Health Organization. Which is why Director-General of the World Health Organization Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus reiterated on Monday that there is "no reason to really panic now", while calling on all countries to implement decisions that are evidence-based and consistent, a message he also delivered last week when the WHO declared the outbreak a global health emergency, mainly to warn the least-developed countries to be prepared. It is the great sacrifices of the medical staff and residents in hard-hit Hubei province, and the unswerving efforts of the whole nation that have helped bring down the death rate to the current level, while preventing the epidemic from becoming a global pandemic－so far the total number of infections detected outside of China has been few. No wonder that the international community speaks highly of the effectiveness, efficiency, responsiveness, scale and transparency of the measures China has been taking in fighting the virus, as these are not only protecting the Chinese people, but also the rest of the world. As well as the WHO, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have also extended their sympathies to those affected by the outbreak and praised China's efforts to contain it. The World Bank, noting that the Chinese authorities had announced a sizable injection of liquidity－1.2 trillion yuan ($171.5 billion)－said there was still plenty of policy space to respond to the impacts of the outbreak. While, Kristalina Georgieva, head of the International Monetary Fund, expressing confidence in the resilience of the Chinese economy, said that unpredictability was now the norm in the world, and preparedness, prevention and early action－such as that demonstrated by China in its swift response to the public health crisis－had to get into the bloodstream of policymakers. Shortcomings and difficulties exposed in the response to the epidemic have prompted China's top leadership to call for improvements to China's "national emergency management system". Nevertheless, China's comprehensive efforts to respond to the economic impacts of the outbreak, including recent fiscal, monetary and financial actions, should serve to reduce the uncertainties and instill confidence. In this sense, to support China's fight with the virus is in line with the common interests of the whole world.
WS5e399d16a310128217274dfa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/05/WS5e399d16a310128217274dfa.html	2020-02-05	Matt Hancock: A marathon to defeat the coronavirus	The UK's Health Secretary Matt Hancock said on Monday that the novel coronavirus would be "with us for at least some months to come", calling the process to tackle this disease "a marathon, not a sprint". He added that the UK had made 500 beds available for quarantine control and invested a substantial amount of funds to vaccine development.
WS5e39901ba310128217274df2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e39901ba310128217274df2.html	2020-02-04	Ex-WHO chief: Hong Kong government handles the novel coronavirus outbreak transparently	In the second episode of a two-part series on Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun's interview with China Daily, the honorary director-general of World Health Organization said the Hong Kong government has handled the novel coronavirus outbreak transparently and the control measures are in line with the WHO's relevant guidelines. She also appealed to doctors and nurses on strike to remember the pledges they made to serve the patient, and work together to overcome the novel coronavirus crisis.
WS5e398cefa310128217274deb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e398cefa310128217274deb.html	2020-02-04	Huoshenshan Hospital now treating novel coronavirus patients	By Tuesday night, 45 patients have been transferred to Huoshenshan Hospital, one of two hospitals in Wuhan, Hubei province, built to contain patients of the novel coronavirus outbreak, Xu Dixiong, deputy head of the hospital, said in an interview with CCTV. Built in 10 days, the hospital has a capacity of 1,000 beds and is staffed with 1,400 medical staff, all of whom are from the armed forces. In normal wards of the hospital, the bed to nurse ratio is 1:0.6 and the bed to doctor radio is 1:0.4, there are more medical workers in the intensive care units, Xu said. The first 45 patients were admitted with mild symptoms because the hospital is built in a short time and there is still some equipment to be installed and calibrated, he said. "In about two or three days, we will finish all the adjustment of the medical equipment," Xu said, adding that, "Moderately and seriously ill patients will be gradually transferred to the hospital when conditions permit." He expected that in three to five days, the number of patients admitted will reach the hospital's capacity. The goals of the hospital are to realize the highest cure rate, the lowest death rate, zero infection among medical staff, and zero complaints from patients, Xu said.
WS5e397f55a310128217274ddd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e397f55a310128217274ddd.html	2020-02-04	Working from home trending amid coronavirus outbreak	Physics teacher Li Wenzhi gives an online tuition to students at Hefei No Eight Senior High School in Hefei, East China's Anhui province, Feb 3, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] SHENYANG - Conducting data analysis, content review and document editing, Liu Hai's first day back to work on Monday after this year's Spring Festival holiday is almost business as usual, except that he now works from home. The 29-year-old works for an internet company in Beijing. Due to efforts to curb the novel coronavirus outbreak, the capital issued a notice on Jan 31 asking enterprises, except for those involved in key sectors, not to resume their work earlier than midnight on Feb 9, and employees were encouraged to work from home. "Although we can only communicate with each other online, the home office has little impact on us, as most of our work can be done through the Internet," he said. As more Chinese provinces and cities have postponed the resumption of business to curb the spread of the epidemic, working from home has become a new trend for companies across the country to stay operational in the virtual world. "So far, this is the best way to prevent employees from being infected," Liu said. Thanks to the rapid development of China's internet industry, a series of productivity software has been developed in recent years, making it possible for enterprises to adopt online offices in this special period. Chinese Internet giant Alibaba announced on Jan. 30 that the full set of a home office system, developed by its mobile office tool DingTalk, will be offered free to 10 million enterprises. So far, more than 6 million companies and organizations have used DintTalk's online office products. "A home office is not as smooth as face-to-face communication, but it is a special measure in this special period. Through DingTalk, we can work anytime and anywhere, which can help minimize the impact of the epidemic," said Lyu Ning, product operations manager of an Internet education company based in Shanghai. Besides enterprises, China's financial, educational and even judicial sectors have joined the trend of working from home offices to reduce crowds and prevent the spread of the coronavirus outbreak. In eastern China's Shandong province, a court trial took place online Monday with no plaintiff, defendant or agent showing up at the intermediate people's court of the city of Binzhou. Instead, the court heard the case via a group video call to prevent the gathering of people. Teachers at the senior high school division of Northeast Yucai School in the northeastern Chinese city of Shenyang have organized online classes. Through audio and video live streaming, students can "raise their hands" to ask questions at any time, while teachers can assign classroom exercises and homework and correct them in real-time, ensuring that online teaching can almost achieve the similar results as on-site teaching. "It is certain that the epidemic has caused difficulties, but challenges contain new development opportunities as some industries have created new modes of production. Through innovation, China will minimize the harm of the epidemic, promote economic recovery and maintain stable development," said Liang Qidong, vice president of the Liaoning Academy of Social Sciences.
WS5e3971c7a310128217274dbf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e3971c7a310128217274dbf.html	2020-02-04	HK reports first death from new coronavirus infection	The Princess Margaret Hospital in Hong Kong is pictured in this March 12, 2018 photo. [PHOTO/INFORMATION SERVICES DEPARTMENT, HKSAR] HONG KONG - A 39-year-old man infected with novel coronavirus died on Tuesday in a Hong Kong hospital, the first death case in the special administrative region (SAR), the hospital's spokesperson confirmed. The patient, a Hong Kong resident with underlying illness, was confirmed on Jan 31 as Hong Kong's 13th person to have contracted infection from the novel coronavirus, and was admitted to Princess Margaret Hospital for isolation and treatment. He died on Tuesday morning at the hospital after his condition deteriorated, a spokesperson for the hospital said. The man lived in Whampoa Garden, a private housing estate in Kowloon. He took high-speed rail train from Hong Kong to Wuhan, Hubei province, on Jan 21 and from Changsha, Hunan province, to Hong Kong on Jan 23. He sought treatment on Jan 31 after having myalgia and fever. The patient had diabetes, and the link between his underlying disorder and the cause of his death is currently unknown, authorities said. They said his health condition deteriorated rapidly at 6 am on Tuesday, just hours before his death at 10 am. Investigations by Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection (CHP) revealed that he neither visited any health care facilities, wet markets or seafood markets, nor had any exposure to wild animals during the incubation period. People in close contact with the patient, including his mother, wife, daughter, son and domestic helper, were transferred to quarantine center for medical monitoring. His 72-year-old mother was confirmed on Sunday as Hong Kong's 15th person to have contracted the novel coronavirus infection, and has been transferred to Princess Margaret Hospital for treatment. Two more residents infected Later in the day, Hong Kong's Department of Health and the Hospital Authority announced in a press conference that two more people were found to be infected with the novel coronavirus, bringing the total number of infected people in the city to 17. Neither of the two patients, a 64-year-old female who owns a clothing store in Jordan, and a male 60-year-old retiree living in Kwun Tong, had visited places outside Hong Kong recently. The health authorities also said there were two suspected cases. Of the 17 people diagnosed with the disease, two are still in critical condition and receiving intubation treatment, health officials said. Experts are not sure how the four people may have been infected. They said the cases pointed at possible community transmission and did not rule out the possibility of mass transmission in Hong Kong. They said the coming 14 days will be key to controlling the spread of the virus. On the Chinese mainland, 20,438 people were confirmed to be infected by the end of Monday and 425 had died of the disease that was first reported in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in Hubei province late last year.
WS5e396d27a310128217274db4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e396d27a310128217274db4.html	2020-02-04	Novel coronavirus treatment shows effect as recoveries outstrip fatalities: official	A couple of patients say goodbye to nurses after recovering from the novel coronavirus infection at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Friday. GAO XIANG/FOR CHINA DAILY BEIJING - The number of newly-cured patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia has exceeded the new death toll since Jan 28, indicating that comprehensive treatment for the epidemic is effective, China's health authority announced Tuesday. Symptomatic treatment and antiviral treatment for the infected patients, together with treatment combining traditional Chinese and Western medicine and supportive treatments, such as the use of ventilator, blood filtration and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) for critically ill patients, have shown effect, Jiao Yahui, an official with the National Health Commission, said at a press conference in Beijing. "We have accelerated the experiment and research on the treatment methods in the fighting against the virus in order to apply effective methods to clinical practices as soon as possible," Jiao said. There may be some fluctuations in the number of newly-discharged patients and the number of new deaths, but that is a normal course of disease development, Jiao added.
WS5e396b96a310128217274db2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e396b96a310128217274db2.html	2020-02-04	WHO says coronavirus outbreak not yet pandemic	The World Health Organisation said the deadly outbreak of the novel coronavirus does not constitute a "pandemic". Sylvie Briand, director of global Infectious Hazard Preparedness at the WHO, said on Tuesday, "Currently we are not in a pandemic, we are at a phase where we have an epidemic of coronavirus with multiple foci and we try to extinguish the transmission in each of these foci." Briand also stressed the importance in tackling misinformation and rumors surrounding the virus which has so far killed 425 people and infected more than 20,000.
WS5e3963fea310128217274d9d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e3963fea310128217274d9d.html	2020-02-04	Discharged patient to donate plasma for coronavirus research	[Photo/VCG] A man who was discharged from a hospital in Qingyuan, South China's Guangdong province, after being infected with the novel coronavirus, is willing to donate his blood plasma for use in scientific research to save patients with the disease. The man, who declined to be named, was the second patient with the spreading virus to be discharged from the hospital in Qingyuan on Sunday, after receiving 10 days of treatment. "I will donate my plasma within a week. I was told when I was in the hospital that blood plasma in the bodies of people recovering from the disease would be of good use in treatment of the novel coronavirus," he said. The man, 19, was diagnosed on Jan 24 after returning from training in Central China's Hubei province. Liu Ke, a nurse at the Qingyuan People's Hospital, said the man was quite optimistic about the treatment when he was staying in the hospital. "He was very confident about the medical technology used in treating the disease," Liu said.
WS5e395982a310128217274d92	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e395982a310128217274d92.html	2020-02-04	Train crew members fight against coronavirus and fear	The 29 train crew members helping Train Z338 on its regular run are mostly in their twenties. They volunteered to serve on the train after several confirmed cases of coronavirus in previous crew members were found. [Photo by Li Wei/for chinadaily.com.cn] Twenty-nine young people, most in their 20s, volunteered to serve Train Z338 after several confirmed cases of coronavirus were diagnosed among previous crew members. About 34 crew members have been put into quarntine at home. The train runs from Baotou in North China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region to South China's Nanning in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region in 38 hours for a total journey of 3,300 kilometers. On its run, it passes by seven provices, including Hubei, where the epidemic has hit the hardest. The 29 train crew members helping Train Z338 on its regular run are mostly in their twenties. They volunteered to serve on the train after several confirmed cases of coronavirus in previous crew members were found. [Photo by Li Wei/for chinadaily.com.cn] The 29 train crew members helping Train Z338 on its regular run are mostly in their twenties. They volunteered to serve on the train after several confirmed cases of coronavirus in previous crew members were found. [Photo by Li Wei/for chinadaily.com.cn] The 29 train crew members helping Train Z338 on its regular run are mostly in their twenties. They volunteered to serve on the train after several confirmed cases of coronavirus in previous crew members were found. [Photo by Li Wei/for chinadaily.com.cn] The 29 train crew members helping Train Z338 on its regular run are mostly in their twenties. They volunteered to serve on the train after several confirmed cases of coronavirus in previous crew members were found. [Photo by Li Wei/for chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e3957eda310128217274d89	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e3957eda310128217274d89.html	2020-02-04	In its fight against the coronavirus China is fighting for the world: China Daily editorial	People wearing masks are seen on a bridge in front of the financial district of Pudong, in Shanghai, China, as the country is hit by an outbreak of a noval coronavirus, February 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Despite the continuous increase in the number of people infected with the novel coronavirus in China — nearly 21,000 as of Tuesday evening — since late last week, the number of those cured has surpassed those that have died of it, representing an important turning point in the fight against the virus. According to the National Health Commission, as of Tuesday evening, 739 people had been cured while 426 had died. Also, the daily gap between the two numbers is becoming wider — 261 people were announced cured on Tuesday, with 65 people confirmed to have died. To put the Wuhan outbreak in perspective, the death rate is 2.1 percent while the death rate in the H1N1 influenza pandemic — that spread to 214 countries from the United States in 2009 and claimed at least 18,500 lives — was 17.4 percent, according to the World Health Organization. Which is why Director-General of the World Health Organization Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus reiterated on Monday that there is "no reason to really panic now", while calling on all countries to implement decisions that are evidence-based and consistent, a message he also delivered last week when the WHO declared the outbreak a global health emergency, mainly to warn the least-developed countries to be prepared. It is the great sacrifices of the medical staff and residents in hard-hit Hubei province, and the unswerving efforts of the whole nation that have helped bring down the death rate to the current level, while preventing the epidemic from becoming a global pandemic — so far the total number of infections detected outside of China has been few. No wonder that the international community speaks highly of the effectiveness, efficiency, responsiveness, scale and transparency of the measures China has been taking in fighting the virus, as these are not only protecting the Chinese people, but also the rest of the world. As well as the WHO, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have also extended their sympathies to those affected by the outbreak and praised China's efforts to contain it. The World Bank, noting that the Chinese authorities had announced a sizable injection of liquidity — 1.2 trillion yuan ($171.5 billion) — said there was still plenty of policy space to respond to the impacts of the outbreak. While, Kristalina Georgieva, head of the International Monetary Fund, expressing confidence in the resilience of the Chinese economy, said that unpredictability was now the norm in the world, and preparedness, prevention and early action — such as that demonstrated by China in its swift response to the public health crisis — had to get into the bloodstream of policymakers. Shortcomings and difficulties exposed in the response to the epidemic have prompted China's top leadership to call for improvements to China's "national emergency management system". Nevertheless, China's comprehensive efforts to respond to the economic impacts of the outbreak, including recent fiscal, monetary and financial actions, should serve to reduce the uncertainties and instill confidence. In this sense, to support China's fight with the virus is in line with the common interests of the whole world.
WS5e3944c2a310128217274d67	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e3944c2a310128217274d67.html	2020-02-04	Foreign Ministry calls for united global effort against novel coronavirus	[Li Min/China Daily] Countries should join hands to overcome the novel coronavirus outbreak, Beijing said on Tuesday, reiterating its opposition to unreasonably strong reactions to the epidemic. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying made the remark in an online daily news conference, after the World Health Organization Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus on Monday called on countries to implement decisions that are evidence-based to tackle the epidemic. The director-general also called on countries to combat the spread of rumors and misinformation. Hua said China has taken unprecedented and strict measures to tackle the epidemic, many of which exceed the WHO's suggestions and requirements in the International Health Regulations. A report the WHO issued on Monday shows there are a total of 153 confirmed cases in countries outside China. The number is less than 1 percent of the total cases in the Chinese mainland, Hua said, adding that China has made efforts in preventing the spread of the disease in other countries. The death rate of the cases in the Chinese mainland is about 2.1 percent, far lower than that of the H1N1 flu that broke out in the United States in 2009, MERS and Ebola, Hua said, adding that cured cases have outnumbered deaths since Saturday. The WHO declared the epidemic a public health emergency of international concern mainly to provide international assistance to countries that have weaker health systems and lack public health capacity, and the organization several times has voiced its confidence in China's ability to overcome the epidemic, Hua said. "However, it was precisely some developed countries with sound health systems and advanced public health capabilities that imposed excessive restrictions on China, which clearly runs counter to the WHO's advice," she said. "The virus knows no border," Hua emphasized, adding that cooperation in the face of the epidemic is in line with all countries' interests.
WS5e393f66a310128217274d4f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e393f66a310128217274d4f.html	2020-02-04	Ministry working with researchers on 16 emergency coronavirus projects	The Ministry of Science and Technology is collaborating with 12 different government agencies and research institutions in five major research areas to tackle the novel coronavirus: investigating its origin and creating drugs, vaccines, animal test models and viral test kits. Since the outbreak, the ministry has kept a close eye on the situation and launched 16 emergency research projects. At the same time, it has examined existing research projects to find solutions and ideas to combat the virus, Sun Yanrong, deputy director of the ministry's biology center, told a press briefing on Tuesday. "We have organically combined scientific research with clinical needs and prevention measures to provide effective products and technologies for tackling the epidemic," she said, adding scientists had made considerable progress in the five major research areas. For example, Chinese scientists swiftly isolated the viral strains and sequenced the virus' whole genome, she said. They are also working on new viral testing kits using immunological technologies to supplement the current kits, which are based on molecular biology. In terms of medicine, Sun said scientists had selected many pre-existing drugs that may have the potential to inhibit the virus during in vitro experiments, and they are busy testing their safety and potency on lab animals and in clinical trials. "We will keep conducting systematic research and enhance our international cooperation," she said. The experimental drug Remdesivir, which had shown exceptional therapeutic capability against the novel coronavirus in one United States patient, would arrive in China for clinical trial on Tuesday afternoon, Sun added, debunking a rumor from Monday that claimed more than 200 patients from Wuhan, Hubei province, had received the medication and their conditions had immediately improved. On Sunday, Beijing's China-Japan Friendship Hospital said it would begin clinical trials on 270 moderately ill patients infected with the virus in Wuhan using Remdesivir, which was originally developed as an Ebola cure. The trial has been approved and will run from Monday to April 27, the National Medical Products Administration's Center for Drug Evaluation said.
WS5e3939a0a310128217274d43	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e3939a0a310128217274d43.html	2020-02-04	Watch this: Latest tips to prevent novel coronavirus	None
WS5e393666a310128217274d30	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e393666a310128217274d30.html	2020-02-04	Baby with novel coronavirus in stable condition	A seven-month-old infant in Shanghai who has been infected with the novel coronavirus is currently receiving medical treatment and is in stable condition at a local hospital, the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission said on Tuesday. The baby, together with her mother and maternal grandfather, were among the latest to test positive for the virus on Monday. Her father and her maternal and paternal grandmothers tested negative for the novel coronavirus but are still under medical quarantine and observation, the commission said. The infant's maternal grandparents arrived in Shanghai from Hubei province's Wuhan city on Jan 20. The entire family, including the girl's paternal and maternal grandparents, gathered for two family dinners in late January, said Zheng Jin, a spokeswoman with the commission. On Feb 2, the girl's paternal grandfather became the first confirmed case in the family. There have already been several cases of infants across China getting infected with the virus. A 1-month-old baby girl in Guizhou province in the southwest was the youngest confirmed case in the country. On Jan 30, a woman infected with the novel coronavirus gave birth to a healthy baby girl in a hospital in Harbin, Northeast China's Heilongjiang province. The newborn tested negative for the virus after two examinations.
WS5e393575a310128217274d29	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e393575a310128217274d29.html	2020-02-04	Death rate from coronavirus pneumonia dropping	Medical workers gesture to each other through the window in Zhangzhou Municipal Hospital in Zhangzhou, Southeast China's Fujian province, Feb 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The death rate from pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland has declined by 0.2 percentage points and now stands at 2.1 percent, an official said. However, the rate -- based on data as of midnight on Monday -- is much higher in Hubei province, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak and the place where most of the deaths have occurred, Jiao Yahui, deputy chief of the National Health Commission's Medical Administration and Supervision Department, told a news conference on Tuesday. "If Hubei is excluded, the death rate in other regions on the Chinese mainland is 0.16 percent," she said. The rate is 3.1 percent in Hubei province but reaches 4.9 percent in Wuhan, the provincial capital, Jiao said. Two thirds of people who have succumbed to the virus are male and 80 percent of them are older than 60, she said. Jiao said 75 percent of those who had died had more than one other disease, including cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases and tumors. She pointed out that the death rate was also high for elderly people with other forms of pneumonia that were not related to the novel coronavirus. Jiao said the stress placed on critical care medical resources in Wuhan had been a factor in the high death rate in the city. In the early stage of the outbreak, patients in critical condition were mainly sent to three hospitals, but they only had 110 critical care beds between them, she said. Many patients in critical condition then had to be scattered across over 20 hospitals, which increased management difficulties. That also meant they were not cared for by teams of doctors experienced in critical care, Jiao said. She said the death rate in Wuhan is expected to decline gradually thanks to a series of measures that have been taken. Three more hospitals have been designated to accept patients in critical condition and their critical care units are now managed by teams from high-level Chinese hospitals, she said. Doctors in the critical care units will work shifts that will relieve them of high work pressure to ensure their physical and psychological health, Jiao said. Most patients who have been infected with the novel coronavirus only show mild symptoms, she said.
WS5e3926eaa310128217274cdb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e3926eaa310128217274cdb.html	2020-02-04	Jilin sends second medical team to coronavirus-hit Wuhan	None
WS5e392271a310128217274cb5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e392271a310128217274cb5.html	2020-02-04	Latest on the Novel Coronavirus Outbreak	Health Emergency Response Office, National Health Commission As of 24:00, 2 February 1. Between 00:00 and 24:00, 2 February, the following were newly reported by 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps: a) 2,829 confirmed cases (2,103 in Hubei Province); b) 186 severe cases (139 in Hubei Province); c) 57 fatalities (56 in Hubei Province and 1 in Chongqing Municipality); d) 147 cases of patients cured and discharged from hospital (80 in Hubei Province); and e) 5,173 suspected cases (3,260 in Hubei Province). 2. According to the National Health Commission, as of 24:00, 2 February, the following were reported by 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps: a) 17,205 confirmed cases (upon verification, the number of cases in Beijing Municipality falls by 3 and that in Jiangxi Province by 1); b) 2,296 severe cases; c) 361 fatalities; d) 475 cases of patients cured and discharged from hospital; and e) 21,558 suspected cases. 3. To date, 189,583 close contacts have been traced. Among them, 10,055 have been released from medical observation while 152,700 are still under observation. 4. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have altogether reported 33 confirmed cases: a) 15 in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR); b) 8 in the Macao SAR; and c) 10 in the Taiwan region.
WS5e391e76a310128217274ca3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e391e76a310128217274ca3.html	2020-02-04	Responding to the Novel Coronavirus: WHO Calls for Rational Measures for Protection and Prevention (Excerpt)	In the face of the novel coronavirus outbreak, the World Health Organization (WHO) called for rational and prudent measures for protection and prevention on 31 January. In a press briefing in Geneva on Friday, WHO spokesperson Christian Lindmeier said that it's OK that the authorities in countries are taking right measures, including medical checks, monitoring and surveillance, to protect their people against the coronavirus, but they need to be done in a smart and rational way. "Prudent protection and prevention, that's important!" He suggested that people wear masks if they were to be in a high risk environment, for example, hospitals or epicenters of the outbreak. But if it's a normal everyday situation, like in a meeting, masks may not be necessary. "It's important to not install too much fear into people and to have them lead a normal life as good as possible in these circumstances," he said, calling for a rational approach to the coronavirus and not being panic.
WS5e391dc3a310128217274c9a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e391dc3a310128217274c9a.html	2020-02-04	Li Keqiang, Premier of the State Council, Chaired a Meeting of the Central Committee's Leading Group on Responding to the Pneumonia Outbreak Caused by the Novel Coronavirus (Excerpts)	On 31 January, Li Keqiang, Member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Premier of the State Council, and head of the Central Committee's leading group on responding to the pneumonia outbreak caused by the novel coronavirus, chaired a meeting of the leading group. The meeting underscored the crucial importance of containing the outbreak among the people who will return from the Spring Festival holidays. First, a category-specific approach will be taken in staggering the return trips.Hubei Province may extend the Spring Festival holidays as appropriate. The holidays will also be extended for those who are currently in Hubei but work elsewhere. They are required to postpone their return to places of employment. Regions with surging new confirmed cases or high potential risks may defer local production, business activity and new school semesters until a later date, as needed, in accordance with statutory procedures. Efforts must be made for the early resumption of the production of the badly needed medical supplies and daily necessities. Universities and colleges should delay their spring semester as required, and space out the return of students across schools and regions. Employees of Party and government bodies, and government-affiliated institutions shall return to work in time as required.Second, well-organized transportation must be ensured.The normal transportation order must be maintained, and means of travel for key groups of people must be well provided for. Proper sanitation should be guaranteed for transportation hubs and public transport vehicles.Third, effective containment measures en route must be ensured. Fourth, containment measures targeting people traveling in key areas must be strengthened. Fifth, Party committees and governments at the provincial level must exercise effective organization and overall leadership. The meeting underscored the importance of ensuring the ample supply of materials for epidemic control. The production, allocation and distribution of medical supplies such as protective suits should be coordinated nationwide in a unified and well-organized manner, with the needs of key areas such as Wuhan prioritized. No retention for local use is allowed for supplies that are nationally allocated. Epidemic updates and containment information should be disclosed in an open, transparent, timely and accurate way. Partial disclosures or cover-ups will not be allowed.
WS5e390f38a310128217274c6a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e390f38a310128217274c6a.html	2020-02-04	Malware found posing as new coronavirus info	[Photo/IC] TIANJIN -- China's national anti-computer virus center has found malicious software posing as novel coronavirus-related information since the epidemic has become a heated topic online. The malware, using names like "novel coronavirus pneumonia.exe" and "coronavirus.exe" as lures, is circulated in group chats, according to the National Computer Virus Emergency Response Center. The malware is in the form of Trojans or remote control tools, and users who run it may have their data stolen or documents deleted. As the malware can also avoid detection by anti-virus software, said the center, it might be attached to emails or sent via WeChat, threatening the security of users' computer.
WS5e390b65a310128217274c56	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e390b65a310128217274c56.html	2020-02-04	Iran to work together with China against novel coronavirus: FM	Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif looks on during a meeting with Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, in Moscow, Russia Dec 30, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] BEIJING - Iran is willing to work together with China to combat the epidemic caused by the novel coronavirus, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said Monday. He made the remarks in a phone conversation with Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi. Zarif said it has been widely recognized by the international community that the Chinese government, in a responsible and transparent manner, has taken timely and resolute measures in fighting the epidemic, which has prevented not only a deterioration of the outbreak within China, but also its spread overseas. Iran firmly opposes some Western countries' attempt to exploit the epidemic, and believes that the Chinese government and people will overcome the current difficulties, Zarif said. He said Iran has provided China with a certain amount of urgently needed medical supplies, and stands ready to offer more assistance and work together with China to combat the epidemic. For his part, Wang expressed thanks to Iran for supporting China in fighting the epidemic, hailing Zarif as the first foreign minister publicly voicing support for China, which has shown the Iranian people's friendliness towards the Chinese people. Wang also thanked Iran for providing China with medical supplies at the critical moment of epidemic prevention and control. China has established a nationwide system to fight the epidemic with the strictest and most thorough measures, Wang said, adding that with China's unremitting efforts, the fatality rate of the novel coronavirus nationwide has been controlled under 2.1 percent, far lower than the rate of any other epidemic in China, and also lower than the 17.4-percent fatality rate of the H1N1 influenza in the United States in 2009. Starting from Feb 1, the number of people discharged from hospital after recovery has started to significantly surpass the number of deaths, an important symbol showing the epidemic is controllable and curable, he said. Wang said that China has full confidence and ability to win the fight against the epidemic. In fighting the epidemic, China has been responsible not only for its own people, but also for the international community, he said. So far, the number of confirmed cases reported overseas only accounts for less than 1 percent of the total number worldwide, while the H1N1 influenza originated from the United States had then spread to 214 countries and regions, he said. After visiting China, World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus spoke highly of China's unprecedented measures taken in fighting the epidemic, saying that China is actually setting a new standard for outbreak response, Wang noted, adding that the WHO disapproves of imposing travel or trade restrictions on China. Wang said that while China understands the reasonable and necessary screening measures taken by some countries, it opposes overreactions and moves that will create panic. He said that China will continue to share information with the world in an open and transparent manner, and strengthen cooperation with other countries, so as to jointly safeguard global and regional public health safety.
WS5e390a68a310128217274c52	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e390a68a310128217274c52.html	2020-02-04	The cost of the coronavirus doesn't stop at the Chinese border	A worker disinfects a train in China, January 30, 2020. /Xinhua Photo Jia Guolong, chairman and the founder of the restaurant group Xibei, is facing some difficulties. During an interview with The Beijing News, Jia said that the coronavirus has forced the group to shut down the operation of more than 400 Xibei restaurant nationwide, with only over a hundred of them still open for delivery. The company needs to pay its 20,000 employees a combined 156-million-yuan salary per month. The company can only afford three more months of this, even if it marshals all cash and loans. The dilemma Chairman Jia faces is the tip of the iceberg of what coronavirus has wrought. With the public confined to their homes and an avoidance of public gathering, economy at large is taking a hit. According to data from Tsinghua University's Evergrande Research Institute, meals and weddings are cancelled across almost all restaurants. The railroad is seeing an average of 70 percent drop in the customer volume. Cinema revenue on the first day of Lunar New Year in 2019 was closed to 1.5 billion yuan. 1.8 million yuan is registered on the same day this year. The effect is not confined to China. As reported by CNN, the world is experiencing the ripple effect of the outbreak. A week after China issued a ban on all outbound travel groups, bookings in the Asia Pacific region fell by 15.1 percent. Thailand estimates that about 1.2 to 1.3 million Chinese tourists have cancelled their visits to the country in February and March. One travel company in Japan said that more than twenty thousand Chinese customers have pulled out of trips to the country. The Chinese Association of Travel Agents in France reported 33 percent drop in agencies' sale in the first quarter of 2020. One has to keep in mind that these figures, though bleak, might not have hit the bottom yet. The number of confirmed patients is still rising daily. the government and authorities are bracing for the potential effect of people returning to their workplace. It could take months to come to have a comprehensive understanding of the coronavirus's influence. Financial Times published an article that talks about the global impact of the coronavirus. As the article points out, in 2003 when SARS happened, China just joined WTO for only more than a year and accounted for 4.3 percent of the world's economic output. Now, China is the world's second largest economy with the highest trade volume. The wellbeing of the Chinese economy influences the volume of commodities it purchases from other countries. Its natural resources imports from countries like Russia, Chile and Brazil could drop if the coronavirus keeps spreading. IMF accounts China as 15.5 percent of the world's economy. The integration of economy through massive economic projects like the Belt and Road Initiative have ensured that what happens in China will ripple across the world. There have been chatters and discussion by media and politicians alike about the potential benefit or taking advantage of the coronavirus. Some on social media are distorting other countries' disease prevention measures as active measures to isolate China due to political and economic reasons. The opportunists might satisfy their psychological needs by spreading such rhetoric. But, people who tend to the real world's situation see that no one could come out of this unscathed. And fanning the anti-China flame would only fester the wound, not heal it.
WS5e390a64a310128217274c4e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e390a64a310128217274c4e.html	2020-02-04	Digital economy steps up during coronavirus outbreak	China has been taking strict preventative measures to reduce the migration of large crowds of people in an effort to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus. Since the crisis began during China's Lunar New Year holiday, shopping malls, restaurants, cinemas and tourist sites where people tend to gather have been stripped of their customers as they try to avoid catching the virus. This has prompted concerns over the growth of China's economy. In fact, under a very well developed online economy, people can continue their work, study and consume without having to step out of their homes. During the virus outbreak, the digital economy has been keeping China's society running. Take the life of the Han family in Beijing as an example. They have all remained home for the most part since the outbreak. Mrs. Han bought fresh fruit and daily necessities online to make sure they had enough to eat and use. She even went online to shop for clothes and jewelry that sales assistants pitched to her using the popular Chinese social media platform WeChat. Meanwhile, Mr. Han turned to his smartphone for entertainment and has used it to watch TV series and play games. As for their daughter, she has attended online classes and managed to keep up her grades. The Han family is a perfect example of the development of China's digital economy. Statistics show that between 2012 and 2018, the volume of China's digital economy expanded from 11.2 trillion yuan to 31.3 trillion yuan to become the second largest in the world, growing from 20.8 percent of GDP to 34.8 percent. The digital economy has become even more important and valuable since the outbreak. Figures from an e-commerce platform show that since the beginning of the Chinese New Year holiday, sales of vegetables grew ninefold compared to the same period last year, and sales of meat and eggs were 7.5 times greater than the year before, while frozen food such as dumplings and pastries also sold over seven times more than they did in the same period last year. Meanwhile, the "in-house economy" also received a boost thanks to a boom in video streaming, online gaming and online education services. For example, the popular Chinese online game "Arena of Valor" had 120 million to 150 million active daily users during the Spring Festival – that's about 10 percent of China's population. Transactions in the game showed a big jump from the volume in 2019 and reached a record 2 billion yuan (290 million U.S. dollars) on Chinese New Year's Eve alone. That China's digital economy continues to thrive under the shadow of the outbreak demonstrates the huge potential of the Chinese market. Although people avoided going out to eat, shop, travel and have fun, the demand of a market that has 1.4 billion people is still there, and consumption only shows signs of growing. The continuous growth of the digital economy is the result of China's advantages in technology which it has gained over the years, as technologies such as 5G and artificial intelligence helped boost China's economic transformation. China announced the commercial launch of 5G last October. China's expansive network of logistics and infrastructure is able to guarantee the transportation and delivery of products purchased online in the face of the virus outbreak. The volume of China's deliveries has remained the world's largest for six years in a row since 2014, and 800,000 smart delivery locker locations will be in use in China this year. As China continues its fight against the coronavirus, the economy will suffer within a short period of time. But the fast development of the digital economy will offset the negative impact of the outbreak. China is confident it will survive the outbreak and keep its economy on the track of long-term and stable growth.
WS5e39073aa310128217274c30	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e39073aa310128217274c30.html	2020-02-04	Together, we can defeat the coronavirus!	By Li Min/China Daily  
WS5e38fb33a310128217274bd7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38fb33a310128217274bd7.html	2020-02-04	Hong Kong reports first death from new coronavirus infection	HONG KONG -- A 39-year-old man infected with novel coronavirus died on Tuesday in a Hong Kong hospital, the first death case in Hong Kong, the hospital's spokesperson confirmed. The patient, a Hong Kong resident with underlying illness, was confirmed on Jan. 31 as Hong Kong's 13th case of novel coronavirus infection, and was admitted to the Princess Margaret Hospital for isolation and treatment. He died on Tuesday morning at the hospital after his condition deteriorated, a spokesperson of the hospital said. The man lived in Whampoa Garden, a private housing estate in Kowloon. He took high-speed rail train from Hong Kong to Wuhan, Hubei Province, on Jan. 21 and from Changsha, Hunan Province, to Hong Kong on Jan. 23. He sought treatment on Jan. 31 after having myalgia and fever. Investigations by Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection (CHP) revealed that he neither visited any health care facilities, wet markets or seafood markets, nor had any exposure to wild animals during the incubation period. People with close contact with the patient, including his mother, wife, daughter, son and domestic helper, were transferred to quarantine center for medical monitoring. His 72-year-old mother was confirmed on Sunday as Hong Kong's 15th case of novel coronavirus infection, and has been transferred to Princess Margaret Hospital for treatment.
WS5e38f25fa310128217274bc0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38f25fa310128217274bc0.html	2020-02-04	11-month-old baby cured of novel coronavirus	Doctors from Beijing's China-Japan Friendship Hospital cheer each other’s spirits before entering quarantine units for severe patients at Tongji Hospital affiliated with Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, Hubei province on Feb 3. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] A three-member family that was infected with the novel coronavirus, including an 11-month-old baby, were discharged from a hospital in Zhongshan, a Pearl River delta city in South China’s Guangdong province, on Tuesday. The family includes a father surname Wen, 36, his wife surnamed Feng, 42, and their 11-month baby. They became the first three novel coronavirus patients to be discharged from hospital in the city, according to deputy director of Zhongshan No. 2 People’s Hospital Gao Wenjun on Tuesday. Gao said the family visited Wuhan, the center of the novel coronavirus epidemic, from Jan 10 to 12 and they returned to Zhongshan on Jan 21. The family developed a fever and cough on Jan 23, and they were quickly confirmed to have contracted the novel coronavirus after being hospitalized. “The baby has become the youngest novel coronavirus patient in the city,” he said at a press conference. Zhongshan, a major production base in Guangdong province and home to a large number of migrant workers, has reported a total of 31 confirmed novel coronavirus cases as of Monday at midnight, including one serious case,  Gao said. The patients are aged from 11 months to 79 years old.
WS5e38f021a310128217274bb1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38f021a310128217274bb1.html	2020-02-04	How has Singapore responded to coronavirus outbreak?	Shortly after the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China, the epidemic hit Southeast Asia. The tropical city-state of Singapore is the single most popular outbound flight destination from Wuhan. In the first three weeks of 2020 alone, close to 10,000 travelers flew in from Wuhan. Somewhat expectedly, the first confirmed case of infection was reported on January 23, 2020. Since then, Singapore has been decisive and effective in containing the spread of the virus on the island. In fact, Singapore started temperature screening for passengers from Wuhan on as early as January 3. As the situation in China worsened, Singapore put up multiple lines of defense to guard against the virus. From January 22, all Chinese visitors were required to undergo health screening at Changi Airport. In the next two days, all inbound flights from Wuhan were suspended and temperature screening protocols extended to air, sea and land checkpoints. A Multi-Ministry Taskforce on Wuhan Coronavirus was convened on January 27 to execute a national whole-of-government response to the outbreak. On the same day, Singapore implemented a two-week Leave of Absence (LOA) for all students and staff returning from China. Major local universities quickly followed suit while turning available hostels into quarantine facilities to accommodate those returnees. By the end of January, Singapore further stepped up precautionary measures, stopping issuing new visas to Chinese nationals, bringing back Singaporeans locked down in Wuhan and reducing direct flights with China. On February 2, in a big ban move, the government disallowed all passengers with recent travel history to China, regardless of nationality, to enter or transit in Singapore. Thanks to these and other actions, as of February 3, there were only 18 confirmed infections in Singapore. All are imported cases with no evidence of local community transmission. Another 524 people are under quarantine. Despite the stable and controlled public health condition, a sense of panic can be felt in Singapore. Long queues were seen in shopping malls and outside clinics with nervous shoppers snapping up surgical masks, thermometers and hand sanitizers. Anti-China and racists sentiments were on the rise. Singaporean netizens took to social media platforms to lash out at what they saw as "animal-eating, barbaric Chinese" and "incompetent government" for failing to close the borders faster. Several Chinese tenants – some of whom did not travel to Hubei – were ejected from their rented houses by overreacting landlords fearing infection risk. Fortunately, the Singaporean government has stayed calm and refused to bow to the xenophobia that was running high. Rather, it is taking three concerted steps to shape public opinion away from hysteria and hatred toward compassion and solidarity vis-à-vis Chinese. First, the top political leadership spared no efforts to frame the coronavirus outbreak as an issue of global and public health concern, instead of an exclusive Chinese affair. They explained to Singaporeans at length about the tough measures China has taken domestically to fight the epidemic. Rhetorically, the virus is no longer referred to as "Wuhan virus" but as "2019-nCoV" and "Novel Coronavirus" in official and media discourse. Second, the authorities resorted to the "Protection from Online Falsehoods and Manipulation Act" to combat misinformation, untruths and deliberate fake news such as false claims of Singaporeans contracting the virus through human-to-human transmission. Third, having realized that some fears resulted from mask shortage, the government injected positivity by giving out four surgical masks to each Singaporean household. Around 1,500 Singapore Armed Forces servicemen were mobilized to pack 5.2 million masks to be distributed across the country. With decisive actions and the three-pronged approach of relieving anti-China public anxiety, Singapore has done a remarkably good job so far dealing with the 2019-nCoV crisis. Singapore has always been appraised for its world-class governance model, and the constructive ways it has responded to the virus have just given us a fresh glimpse of how incredibly good the model is.
WS5e38eaafa310128217274b8b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38eaafa310128217274b8b.html	2020-02-04	First US coronavirus patient leaves hospital	Employees in scrubs walk on the campus at Providence Regional Medical Center in Everett, Washington, US, Jan 21, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] A 35-year-old Seattle-area man who was reportedly the first patient diagnosed with the coronavirus in the US has left the hospital after receiving treatment. The Associated Press reported Monday that the unidentified man wished to remain anonymous but thanked his doctors and nurses upon leaving Providence Regional Medical Center in Everett, Washington. He fell ill a few days after arriving back in the US after visiting China. The patient took himself to an urgent care clinic on Jan 19 before being transferred to a special isolation room at the hospital the next day. On Jan 31, an article on the first US case was published by The New England Journal of Medicine that detailed the patient’s symptoms as well as medications and treatment that had been used. The local, state and federal health experts who authored the article said they hoped it would help others worldwide in treating the virus. Somkiat Lalitwongsa, the director of the Rajavithi Hospital in Bangkok, told Bloomberg on Monday that a cocktail of antiviral drugs appeared effective in treating a seriously ill patient infected with the virus. Thailand has 19 confirmed cases of the virus: 11 patients are still hospitalized, and the rest have returned home. The HIV medicine Kaletra was used on three patients along with the antiflu medication Tamiflu. Kaletra is already being studied in a randomized, controlled trial in coronavirus patients in Wuhan, China, where the outbreak began, but no drugs have been approved to treat the disease. “There’s not enough evidence to support the effectiveness just yet,” said Somkiat. “But we report to contribute to the medical community globally. The results look good so far.” According to the CDC, coronavirus has been confirmed in nearly 30 countries including Australia, Cambodia, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Spain, Malaysia, Nepal, the Philippines, Russia, Sri Lanka, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates, the UK and Vietnam. Only about 150 people have tested positive for the disease outside China. As of Sunday, 11 people across the US have been confirmed to have the virus. Nine of them became ill after returning from trips to Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus. The two others were human-to-human transmission between a husband and wife. Besides the man in Washington state, six cases have been reported in California, two in Illinois and one each in Arizona and Massachusetts. Despite its arrival stateside, both the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and state officials say the threat from coronavirus remains low at this time. “Remember, you are much more likely to become sick with the cold or flu than to be diagnosed with coronavirus,” said Pennsylvania Secretary of Health Rachel Levine. Since October, there have been more than 45,000 diagnosed cases of flu and 33 deaths in Pennsylvania alone.
WS5e38d68da310128217274aa1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38d68da310128217274aa1.html	2020-02-04	What can we learn from the coronavirus crisis?	Researchers subpackage 2019-nCoV detection reagents at a company in Wuqing district, North China's Tianjin municipality, Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] These days, China is in crisis mode because of a new coronavirus. What was supposed to become a happy family gathering during Chinese Lunar New Year turned into a time of existential worries for many, even a terrible time of loss of beloved family members for some. But China will manage this crisis. There is light at the end of the tunnel! The reason? We see doctors and nurses who fight for the whole of society, who risk their lives to fulfill their duties. Freeing themselves of all selfishness, they are behaving as truly free individuals. They are taking absolute responsibility for the fate of this community, and for mankind. The same phenomenon can be observed all over society: People are taking great responsibility in protecting themselves, their family members and their society against the assault from the invisible enemy, a new sort of coronavirus. The World Health Organization has already praised China for its exemplary behavior in dealing with the new pathogen. To me, there is no doubt that this will be under control in the near future. But times of crisis must also be times of further reflection! Many of us are forced to reduce outside activities to the minimum while others are fighting the disease. The least those at home can do is to use the forced retreat to reflect how to change our present and future habits, turning the bad situation into something better. Let's look ahead: What can we learn from the crisis? We in China – Chinese citizens and foreigners living, working and being in love here alike – should take more responsibility in general. Not just regarding ourselves or our kin, but regarding our community in general, beyond our colleagues, beyond the work unit. We are responsible for the quality of our performance, our productions, and for our engagement to boost creativity and progress in this society, for all, even humanity as a whole—not different from these doctors and nurses who are risking their lives at the moment. Every human is allowed to make free decisions of action as long as these are in accordance with the law. But we also have to learn to use our freedom in the right way. It doesn't mean that we can just do everything we want. Being properly free means to voluntarily follow one's innate conscience to fulfill one's moral responsibilities and social duties towards children, parents, but not in the last place also towards the social universe. Poor hygiene in food markets, in restaurants, spitting on sidewalks, soiling of public toilets and hand basins with remains of mucous membrane can cause serious health problems for others.  Of course, there has been a great deal of improvement in public hygiene in China over the last ten years. But it is the moral responsibility of each individual to keep everything clean everywhere and for everyone. What's more, nobody should consume wild species, hosting all kinds of deadly viruses. Some of these have a mortality rate 20 to 30 times higher than the current one! We have abundance of safely produced food. Selling and buying these wildlife species is not only illegal, but also morally corrupt in the most extreme sense. We have to respect nature, or we will meet her fury. Something like we are experiencing at the moment should never have a chance to happen again! This crisis is a warning shot. However, change of bad habits should best not be achieved by means of harsh external control and prohibitions. This would only eliminate symptoms but not causes. Can we achieve improvement by constantly reminding ourselves and each other to increase the self-responsibility of everyone? This crisis is a hard lesson and an important exam for China's society. It should make every individual think and understand. Only those who take responsibility for their fellow people and for the whole, even in seemingly small and unimportant things like public hygiene, are worthy members of this social fabric. To permanently practice this self-responsibility, which is not forced but anchored in one's personal conscience, is what the great Ming period thinker Wang Yangming has called the "extension of the good conscience" (zhi liangzhi). The famous German philosopher Hegel basically meant something very similar when he wrote about morality as a main pillar of a state-supporting ethics. The individual and the whole are connected. The individual is responsible for the whole; the whole is responsible for the individual. Each individual is like a small mirror in front of the whole of all other individual "mirrors" of society. According to Wang Yangming our individual "mirrors" can be dirty. This was his metaphor for those who do not take proper responsibility in what they are doing, following all kinds of selfish desires, distractions instead, the rays of proper life being deflected and dispersed—instead of being focused on what has to be achieved here and now. In this sense, we all have to constantly work on ourselves, polishing our personal mirror by persistently listening to the voice of our conscience, teaching the children to do so, to see the whole, to see through, to harmonize our intentions with the greater good of the whole, especially in our everyday procedures. From the coronavirus emergency a reflection on responsibility should arise. This responsibility doesn't mean an abstract concept. I mean an active responsibility, a practice which at the same time wipes the mind clean to constantly see through and realize what's necessary. Wang Yangming has called this the "unity of knowing and acting" (zhi xing he yi). Responsibility means an activity, an action, to make the right decision at the right moment, freed from all selfishness, to be truly free in acting and living in favor of the whole. This is foundation in the sense of a principle of self-responsibility as an indestructible basis for a healthy society. The author is a professor at Beijing Foreign Studies University. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e38d28ba310128217274a73	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38d28ba310128217274a73.html	2020-02-04	US alternative investment giant Citadel donates $7.5m for coronavirus fight	Medical workers gesture to each other through the window in Zhangzhou Municipal Hospital in Zhangzhou, Southeast China's Fujian province, Feb 2, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] US alternative investment giant Citadel and its market-making arm Citadel Securities will donate $7.5 million in goods and cash to support relief efforts in Hubei province and assisting families affected by the coronavirus, making it one of the largest donations from multinational companies. Over $1 million of critical medical supplies have already been procured for Hubei Xinhua Hospital in Wuhan, the hospital which received the first coronavirus patient. "Our first priority was delivering much-needed supplies requested by local medical professionals and enabling experts to administer aid as effectively as possible. We commend the brave medical personnel dedicated to treating patients and protecting communities," said Peng Zhao, chief executive officer of Citadel Securities. "Our hearts go out to all impacted by this situation, particularly those in China, which is the native country of many of our colleagues," said Kenneth C. Griffin, founder and chief executive officer of Citadel.
WS5e38ca4ca310128217274a11	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38ca4ca310128217274a11.html	2020-02-04	Health commission releases new coronavirus numbers	Doctors from Beijing's China-Japan Friendship Hospital check on a patient at Tongji Hospital affiliated with Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, Hubei province on Feb 3, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/chinadaily.com.cn] The Chinese mainland added 3,235 new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus on Monday, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 20,438, the National Health Commission said. On Monday, 64 new deaths and 5,072 new suspected cases were reported on the Chinese mainland. A total of 492 new severe cases, including 442 in Hubei province, the center of the coronavirus outbreak, and 157 recovered and discharged cases were also reported. As of Monday, the number of suspected cases rose to 23,214 on the Chinese mainland. There were also 2,788 cases with serious symptoms, 425 death cases and 632 who had recovered and been discharged, data released by the commission on Tuesday morning showed. At present, 221,015 close contacts of confirmed cases had been tracked, and among them 171,329 are under medical observation as of Monday. The commission also received a total of 33 confirmed cases from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, with 15 from Hong Kong, 8 from Macao and 10 from Taiwan. Hubei province reported 2,345 new cases and 64 new deaths on Monday, raising the number to 13,522 and 414 respectively according to the province's health commission. By midnight Monday a total of 10,990 cases in Hubei, including 1,567 with serious symptoms and 576 in critical condition, are receiving treatment in designated medical institutions. The provincial commission said as of Monday that 396 cases had recovered and been discharged from the hospital, 68,988 close contacts of the infected are being tracked and 58,544 are under still medical observation.
WS5e38b6d3a310a2fabb7a1e1e	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/04/WS5e38b6d3a310a2fabb7a1e1e.html	2020-02-04	Coronavirus blow to economy is one-off and for a limited time	With the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, the Chinese economy is facing its most severe challenge in many years. But while the disease and related epidemic control measures are undoubtedly dragging on growth, it is not the first time China has had to cope with such a daunting scenario, and policymakers are taking timely and forceful measures to bring the pandemic to an end as soon as possible, inspiring confidence that the economy will be able to rebound quickly. The impacts of the epidemic on economic activities have been huge with economists estimating that they could potentially rip 2 percentage points off the country's GDP growth in the first quarter. Sectors such as tourism, transportation, hospitality and catering have been particular hard hit during what would normally have been their peak season. During the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome 17 years ago, which lasted roughly six months, it led to GDP growth slowing by 2 percentage points in the first quarter of 2003. If the novel coronavirus can be put under control quicker than SARS, the impacts may be less severe. Such hopes are not unrealistic. The authorities have reacted more promptly and proactively this time compared with 2002-03 when SARS erupted, and the country's public health system is more developed since then. Which is why Lian Weiliang, deputy head of China's National Development and Reform Commission, emphasized at a news conference on Monday that the economic impacts from the outbreak will only be felt in the short term and that China is fully capable of minimizing the blow to the economy. While the confirmed cases of the potentially deadly novel coronavirus rose to 17,355 as of Monday evening, according to figures by Chinese health authorities, a total of 531 patients have been discharged from hospital after recovery, raising hopes that as doctors are becoming more knowledgeable about how to treat the disease, the pace of recovery will accelerate, easing people's fears. The government is also ensuring that all available resources are dedicated to the fight against the virus. On Sunday, the People's Bank of China, China's central bank, announced a range of measures to step up monetary and credit support to enterprises which are helping in its fight against the virus pandemic. Bringing the pandemic to an end will hopefully be done sooner rather than later, but however long it takes, the impacts of the pandemic will just be one-off and for that limited period. After the novel coronavirus is brought under control and the all-clear is sounded, the unleashing of the pent up demand will, at least partially, make up for the lost activities during the epidemic and provide the necessary boost to kick the economy into a higher gear. The top priority now is for policymakers to roll out forceful support measures to ensure the corporate sector, particularly small and medium-sized businesses which are the main job providers, can survive the current crisis. Tax and fee reductions and targeted subsidies, among others, should be implemented so that enterprises, especially the small ones, have the chance to survive. While negative economic effects of the pandemic are still being felt, the authorities need to ensure they are extending a helping hand as much as possible.  
WS5e38342aa310128217274895	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e38342aa310128217274895.html	2020-02-03	Coronavirus can survive five days on surfaces, experts warn	Experts in China have urged vigilance with hygiene in order to avoid contracting the novel coronavirus after stressing that it can survive for several days on some surfaces. The novel coronavirus can be transmitted via droplets but can only be airborne for up to two meters before falling to the ground they said. "It will not float in the air," said Jiang Rongmeng, a member of a senior-level expert team convened by the National Health Commission to combat the virus. He told a news conference on Monday that the virus can survive for days in environments where the humidity and temperature are favorable. Research has found the virus can live for five days if the temperature stands at 20 C with humidity at 40 to 50 percent, said Jiang, who is also a chief physician in infection at Beijing Ditan Hospital. He warned that chances of contamination were higher if people do not wash their hands after touching objects, as it's possible they could then be infected by rubbing their eyes or scratching their nose. "We must wash hands properly. I think this is particularly important," he noted. He added that they had yet to find any cases where infection was shown via fecal-oral transmission. Currently, nucleic acid of the novel coronavirus is found in the excrement of some infected patients, but not the virus.
WS5e382b54a310128217274888	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e382b54a310128217274888.html	2020-02-03	Five more novel coronavirus patients cured in Shenzhen	A Shenzhen Customs officer measures passengers' temperature in Shenzhen, South China's Guangdong province. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Shenzhen on Monday afternoon announced that five more people infected with novel coronavirus were cured and sent home, bringing the total number of cured patients to 10. The shortest hospitalization period was 11 days and the longest, 17 days. Patient sick time ranged from 14 days to 30 days. One patient used to work in Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus. On Jan 17, he came home from Wuhan, and visited his brother in Shenzhen. The next day, he showed relevant symptoms. On Jan 21, his infection was confirmed at the Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen. "My symptoms were slight, mainly fever and cough. With encouragement from doctors and nurses, I was not fearful and was confident in defeating the disease," he said. After leaving the hospital, he was required to stay in home quarantine for at least half a month. "At present, my family are still in the hotel quarantine. But fortunately, their current test results are negative," he said, and added he also advised other patients that a good attitude and physical condition are conducive to treatment. "The patient was optimistic during his hospitalization and recovered quickly," said chief doctor Wang Fang of the Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen. "Our medical staff also offered psychological counseling and education, in the hope that the patients could have a good mood and develop strong resistance against the virus." Wang said he hopes these practices can help others.
WS5e3829a3a310128217274885	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e3829a3a310128217274885.html	2020-02-03	Some infected with coronavirus are less contagious: Expert	A coronavirus-infected patient takes an interview after being discharged from hospital in Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui autonomous region on Feb 3, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] People who have been infected with the novel coronavirus but show no symptoms have been proven to be less contagious, a health expert said. "There are cases around the country where people tested positive for the virus but they don't have any symptoms. People began to suspect that the virus may have mutated. At the moment, we didn't see any mutation of the novel coronavirus," Qiu Haibo, a member on the expert panel of the National Health Committee and deputy president of Zhongda Hospital of Southeast University, said during a news conference held in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Monday evening. Those patients are less contagious because without symptoms that include coughing and sneezing, the virus is unlikely to be passed on to others. People shouldn't be worried about those patients, Qiu said.
WS5e3821e0a31012821727487f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e3821e0a31012821727487f.html	2020-02-03	TCM hospitals at the forefront of battle against novel coronavirus outbreak	Traditional Chinese medicine hospitals in Central China's Hubei province, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, had provided more than 4,400 quarantine beds as of Saturday afternoon, and received 523 confirmed patients and 2,158 suspected patients, the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine said on Monday. In other areas, TCM doctors had provided treatment to 3,361 patients as of the end of Saturday, and more than half of the patients had showed signs of improvement in their conditions, the administration said. Seventy-four had been cured and released from the hospital, it said. In Wuhan, Hubei's capital, 10 TCM hospitals received 260 hospitalized patients and 1,025 suspected cases as of Saturday afternoon, according to the administration. To help treat novel coronavirus patients in Hubei province, the administration organized medical teams comprised of primarily TCM doctors from across China, who arrived in Wuhan on Jan 27.
WS5e381fbda31012821727487d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e381fbda31012821727487d.html	2020-02-03	WHO official praises China's "proactive" response to coronavirus outbreak	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, January 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] MANILA - A senior official of the World Health Organization (WHO) on Monday praised China for its "proactive" effort to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. "WHO acknowledges the proactive role that China has played right from the beginning of this outbreak, transparently sharing information as it becomes available, sharing knowledge," WHO Representative in the Philippines Rabindra Abeyasinghe said at a press conference. "The identification of the pathogen per se, defining its whole genome sequence, and sharing diagnostics, also sharing information about the clinical presentations, the manifestations and how the patients are managed, all of that has been valuable in helping WHO better understand this disease," he added. "We are very appreciative of those efforts of the Chinese government," Abeyasinghe said. Chinese health authorities Monday said it received reports of 17,205 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection and 361 deaths by the end of Sunday from the Chinese mainland. A total of 475 people had been discharged from the hospital after recovery. Abeyasinghe said the 2019 novel coronavirus, officially known now as the 2019-nCoV acute respiratory disease, "is unprecedented in global public health." He said the WHO is encouraged by the measures China is implementing not only to contain the outbreak in Wuhan, the capital city of Central Hubei province, and other areas in China, but also to prevent the virus from spreading to other countries. "We are closely looking at its effectiveness and what its relevance would be for future global efforts in containing these kinds of epidemics," he said. Moreover, Abeyasinghe said the WHO appreciates the early efforts of the Chinese government in imposing a travel ban for tour groups to travel abroad and in the early implementation of exit scrutiny to screen people leaving China. "These are important experiences that WHO is trying to understand and see what is replicable and good so that we can learn from these experiences on their potential usefulness," he said. Abeyasinghe added the WHO continues to work on the ground with Chinese specialists to better understand what is necessary to help control the disease in China. The WHO last week declared a public health emergency of international concern to improve international coordination in containing the disease.
WS5e381bc0a31012821727486c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e381bc0a31012821727486c.html	2020-02-03	9 confirmed in Bejing's first cluster-infected coronavirus cases	Citizens buy vegetables in a supermarket in Beijing on Feb 1, 2020. Vegetables are in stable supply amid the epidemic. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Beijing reported the first hospital cluster-infected novel coronavirus cases on Monday, with nine cases confirmed, with all sent to designated hospitals for further treatment, according to local authorities. The nine patients include five medical care personnel, and four with mild symptoms. The clustered situation occurred in the intensive care unit of the cardiology department at Beijing Fuxing Hospital, a top hospital in the capital, said Miao Jianhong, deputy director of the capital's Xicheng district, in a press conference held in Beijing on Monday. Through preliminary research, the incident of the hospital cluster infection case is closely related to some individual medical staff infections. Specific reasons are under epidemiological investigation in multiple checks and relevant people who were in close contact with the patients are being put under concentrated medical observation, Miao said. Fuxing Hospital also strengthened prevention and control measures to combat the spread of the novel coronavirus, he added. On Monday, Beijing announced 24 new novel coronavirus cases between Sunday noon and midnight, bringing the total confirmed to 212. Among the new confirmed cases, 12 had close contact with previously confirmed cases and four had denied that they had any previous connection with Central China's Hubei province. Beijing has discovered 41 cluster-infected coronavirus cases involving more than 120 people, accounting for more than half of the capital's confirmed cases, said He Xiong, deputy director of the Beijing Center for Diseases Prevention and Control at a press conference on Monday. He specified that the clustered infection case means two or more confirmed cases have been found in a relatively small area, such as a family, school class or construction site. Personal communication among infected cases may trigger the possibility of new infection due to the exposure. Once an epidemic situation happens, surrounding people will be threatened and community-level prevention and control measures also face new challenges, He said. The capital also urged local authorities to strengthen daily supplies to ensure citizens have items for routine living, and clarified the quarantine measure towards residents who had traveled to Hubei province or had close contact with those who went to these areas, in that they be put under medical observation indoors for 14 days, according to a document released by the municipal government on Monday. Beijing also speeded up the approval process for prevention and control assets production projects to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus, according to the document. Subsidies  were allocated to related medical care personnel at hospitals as giving those who have direct contact with patients 300 yuan ($42.70) per day, and other pandemic control and prevention staff 200 yuan per day.
WS5e3813bfa310128217274859	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e3813bfa310128217274859.html	2020-02-03	Coronavirus blow to economy is one-off and for a limited time: China Daily editorial	Workers make protective masks at the workshop of a company in Jinxian county, East China's Jiangxi province, Feb 1, 2020. To help fight the outbreak of pneumonia caused by novel coronavirus, workers of many medical material companies rushed to work ahead of schedule to make protective equipment. [Photo/Xinhua] With the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, the Chinese economy is facing its most severe challenge in many years. But while the disease and related epidemic control measures are undoubtedly dragging on growth, it is not the first time China has had to cope with such a daunting scenario, and policymakers are taking timely and forceful measures to bring the pandemic to an end as soon as possible, inspiring confidence that the economy will be able to rebound quickly. The impacts of the epidemic on economic activities have been huge with economists estimating that they could potentially rip 2 percentage points off the country's GDP growth in the first quarter. Sectors such as tourism, transportation, hospitality and catering have been particular hard hit during what would normally have been their peak season. During the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome 17 years ago, which lasted roughly six months, it led to GDP growth slowing by 2 percentage points in the first quarter of 2003. If the novel coronavirus can be put under control quicker than SARS, the impacts may be less severe. Such hopes are not unrealistic. The authorities have reacted more promptly and proactively this time compared with 2002-03 when SARS erupted, and the country's public health system is more developed since then. Which is why Lian Weiliang, deputy head of China's National Development and Reform Commission, emphasized at a news conference on Monday that the economic impacts from the outbreak will only be felt in the short term and that China is fully capable of minimizing the blow to the economy. While the confirmed cases of the potentially deadly novel coronavirus rose to 17,355 as of Monday evening, according to figures by Chinese health authorities, a total of 531 patients have been discharged from hospital after recovery, raising hopes that as doctors are becoming more knowledgeable about how to treat the disease, the pace of recovery will accelerate, easing people's fears. The government is also ensuring that all available resources are dedicated to the fight against the virus. On Sunday, the People's Bank of China, China's central bank, announced a range of measures to step up monetary and credit support to enterprises which are helping in its fight against the virus pandemic. Bringing the pandemic to an end will hopefully be done sooner rather than later, but however long it takes, the impacts of the pandemic will just be one-off and for that limited period. After the novel coronavirus is brought under control and the all-clear is sounded, the unleashing of the pent up demand will, at least partially, make up for the lost activities during the epidemic and provide the necessary boost to kick the economy into a higher gear. The top priority now is for policymakers to roll out forceful support measures to ensure the corporate sector, particularly small and medium-sized businesses which are the main job providers, can survive the current crisis. Tax and fee reductions and targeted subsidies, among others, should be implemented so that enterprises, especially the small ones, have the chance to survive. While negative economic effects of the pandemic are still being felt, the authorities need to ensure they are extending a helping hand as much as possible.
WS5e381306a310128217274857	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e381306a310128217274857.html	2020-02-03	Check this must-read bilingual coronavirus manual for foreigners	If you're a foreigner living in China, this manual could be exactly what you need amid the novel coronavirus outbreak. The bilingual manual in both English and Chinese aims to provide clear information on the prevention and treatment of coronavirus-caused pneumonia. It's an effort to squelch online rumors when the disease has grabbed national attention in China. The book was published on Sunday and co-authored by the Tianjin Municipal Office of the Cyberspace Affairs Commission, WeDoctor's Digital General Hospital and China Press of Traditional Chinese Medicine. The manual's Chinese version has been a popular read, generating 270,000 downloads within one week after its debut on Jan 27 on WeDoctor's Digital Hospital, an online medical counseling service provider. The manual, in an easy-to-read question and answer format, addresses some of the most frequently-asked questions to give ordinary people clear guidance and restore calm in the fight against the deadly virus. People also can use WeDoctor's free medical counseling service that allows 16,000 professionals to receive and answer questions online from 880,000 users, as of Sunday. China Daily's website and app have been authorized to publish the bilingual manual. Click here for free access. Scan the QR code to access WeDoctor's online medical counseling service  
WS5e3811e1a310128217274853	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e3811e1a310128217274853.html	2020-02-03	US response to novel coronavirus outbreak isn't useful: FM	The US government hasn't provided any substantive assitance to China by far, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Monday. "But the US was the first country to evacuate staff members from its consulate in Wuhan, the first to suggest partial withdrawal of its embassy staff, and the first to announce entry restriction for all Chinese citizens," she said. China understands and respects reasonable measures that most countries have taken according to the World Health Organization's advice, but the US, which has powerful prevention capacity, is running counter to the advice by adopting drastic moves, Hua pointed out. Since the outbreak, the Chinese government has taken the most comprehensive and strictest measures to prevent and control the disease, many of which far exceed the requirements by the International Health Regulations, Hua said. As of Sunday, 16 foreigners in China had been diagnosed with the novel coronavirus pneumonia, of whom two have been discharged from the hospital, Hua said. The other 14 are under isolated treatment and are in stable condition.
WS5e380f86a310128217274850	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e380f86a310128217274850.html	2020-02-03	New kits to detect coronavirus infection faster	Researchers subpackage 2019-nCoV detection reagents at a company in Wuqing district, North China's Tianjin municipality, Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Leading universities and research organs have developed faster detection kits for the 2019-nCov nucleic acid for the ongoing campaign to fight against novel coronavirus in China. On Sunday, Tianjin University announced that a detection kit has been successfully developed by the university and the GenMag Biotechnology Co Ltd, which can detect suspected novel coronavirus cases in its earlier incubation period and detect within one hour whether it is the novel coronavirus, which significantly reduces detection time from the previous three hours. The detection kit is matched with GenMag's automated nucleic acid extraction instruments, nucleic acid extraction reagents, magnetic beads and other consumables to provide a coordinated solution for the rapid detection of the novel coronavirus.  The university also is launching research on the rapid screening of fecal samples and asymptomatic patients in their incubation period.  It expects more clinical tests could prove the effectiveness of the new detection kit and see mass production as soon as possible. Late last month, Jiangsu Qitian Bio teamed up with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention to develop a detection kit that could complete the test and show results within 15 minutes, significantly faster and shortening the previous 3-hour test period. The Bank of Jiangsu announced it was giving the company a 2 million yuan ($284,802) loan to procure raw materials to launch mass production following the announcement. Chongqing University announced on Thursday that it developed a detection kit that could help complete the test in one hour. The kit's device could help detect 96 samples simultaneously and each device could detect a maximum of 1,000 samples within 12 hours, the university said. As the novel coronavirus has a long incubation period and is infectious even during the incubation period, a detection kit with high sensitivity is urgently needed in China. In addition, the rising number of suspect cases require mass and faster production of the detection kits. Statistics indicated that by midnight Sunday, confirmed cases of viral pneumonia hit 17,205 in China and suspected cases hit 21,558.
WS5e380cf4a310128217274846	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e380cf4a310128217274846.html	2020-02-03	Shenzhen Customs' special team monitors ports for coronavirus epidemic	Zhou Xialin (left) and Cai Jianqin help a passenger fill out the Health Declaration Card correctly in Shenzhen, South China's Guangdong province. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] After the outbreak of novel coronavirus, Shenzhen Customs set up a special team to monitor the epidemic situation around the clock through a close cooperation with other government departments. In all ports of the city, Shenzhen Customs has installed infrared body temperature monitoring equipment, which covers all passenger channels. Once it detects fever in passengers, it sets off an alarm. Meanwhile, to prevent the epidemic from spreading from ports, Shenzhen Customs has taken a series of measures that strengthens sanitary quarantine of vehicles, requires drivers and passengers to report their health conditions, jointly conducts on-site inspections of passengers with medical staff, and sterilizes public area in ports. More than 400 additional officers were sent to support front-line epidemic prevention at different ports in the city. In the past few days, many officers skipped their Spring Festival holiday, and took the initiative to work extra hours at their posts. As such, Shenzhen Customs officers have formed a strong line of defense in protecting people's health against the epidemic with their professionalism, dedication and tenderness. Lei Dan, a customs officer at Shenzhen Baoan International Airport, waits for boarding and quarantine on a landed plane. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Huang Huirong has worked for Shenzhen Customs for over 30 years. During the SARS period in 2003, he fought the epidemic at the front line. Now he works hand-in-hand with his colleagues to fight the novel coronavirus. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Han Yuying measures passengers' temperature and helps them fill in the Health Declaration Card. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Yan Han (left) and Zhang Jinpei have rich experience in health and quarantines. They are new mothers who just returned to work after maternity leave. On New Year's Eve, they entrusted their children to their families and headed to the epidemic prevention battlefield. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Zhong Yuan, a former medical student, volunteered to work on epidemiological investigations on uncomfortable passengers. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Wang Wanrong gave up the Spring Festival holiday to work at the port. She started a video chat with her parents and child who are in East China's Anhui province after a long day work. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Shenzhen Customs officers defend the safety of passengers with professionalism and dedication. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Fan Liping makes a record after measuring drivers' temperature. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e380559a31012821727483d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e380559a31012821727483d.html	2020-02-03	Handbook of Prevention and Treatment of the Pneumonia Caused by the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV）	新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎 防治知识手册 Handbook of Prevention and Treatment of the Pneumonia Caused by the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV） 天津市互联网信息办公室 微医互联网总医院 微医天津互联网医院 2020年1月 Cyberspace Administration of Tianjin WeDoctor Digital General Hospital WeDoctor Tianjin Digital Hospital January 2020 目录 第一部分 病原特点 1.什么是冠状病毒？ 2.冠状病毒有什么样的理化特性? 3.可感染人的冠状病毒有哪些? 4.什么是新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎? 5.感染新型冠状病毒的患者临床表现有哪些? 6.有针对新型冠状病毒的疫苗吗? 7.与患者密切接触者如何定义? 8.为什么要对密切接触者医学观察14天? 9.如果接到疾控部门通知，您是一位密切接触者，该怎么办? 10.新型冠状病毒感染能治疗吗? 11.新型冠状病毒感染重症病例基本的应对策略有哪些? 第二部分 疫情形势 12.当前疫情发展态势是什么? 13.为什么短短几天增加了这么多确诊病例? 14.防控疫情的关键在哪里? 15.当前防控最有效的办法是什么? 16.新型冠状病毒传染源是什么? 17. 新型冠状病毒人传人吗? 18.人会通过哪些途径被传染? 19.新型冠状病毒会变异吗? 20.新型冠状病毒感染是否会像SARS一样凶猛? 第三部分 防控常识 21.新型冠状病毒感染肺炎的病例监测措施主要有哪些? 22.如何预防被新型冠状病毒感染? 23.接触动物有什么特别需要注意的事项? 24.当出现了发热、咳嗽等症状时，一定要去医院吗？ Contents Part I Pathogen Characteristics 1. What are coronaviruses? 2. What are the physical and chemical characteristics of the coronavirus? 3. What are the coronaviruses that can infect people? 4. What is pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus? 5. What are the clinical manifestations of someone infected with a novel coronavirus? 6. Is there a vaccine for a novel coronavirus? 7. How to define whether a person is in close contact with the patients? 8. Why should close contacts be observed for 14 days? 9. If you are informed by the disease control department that you are a close contact, what should you do? 10. Can the novel coronavirus infection be treated? 11. What are the basic coping strategies for severe cases of novel coronavirus infection? Part II Epidemic Situation 12. What is the current situation of epidemic evolution? 13. Why are confirmed cases increasing so quickly in just a few days? 14. What is the key to prevent and control the outbreak? 15. What is the most effective way to prevent and control the outbreak at present? 16. What is the infection source of novel coronavirus? 17. Can novel coronaviruses be transmitted from person to person? 18. By which ways will people be infected? 19. Will the novel coronavirus mutate? 20. Will the novel coronavirus infection be as fierce as SARS? Part III Prevention and Control Knowledge 21. What are the main monitoring measures for pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus? 22. How to prevent the novel coronavirus infection? 23. What should be paid special attention to when coming into contact with animals? 24. When there are fever, cough, and other symptoms, do you have to go to the hospital? 第一部分病原特点 Part I Pathogen Characteristics 1.什么是冠状病毒? 1. What are coronaviruses? 冠状病毒是自然界广泛存在的一大类病毒。是目前已知核糖核酸(RNA)病毒中基因组最大的病毒，该病毒形态在电镜下观察类似于王冠而得名。冠状病毒仅感染脊椎动物，与人和动物的多种疾病有关，可引起人和动物呼吸道、消化道和神经系统疾病。 Coronavirus is a kind of virus widely existing in nature. It is the largest known RNA virus in the genome and is named coronavirus, as its form is similar to the crown under the electron microscope. Coronavirus only infects vertebrates and is related to many diseases of humans and animals. It can cause respiratory tract, digestive tract, and nervous system diseases of humans and animals. 2.冠状病毒有什么样的理化特性? 2. What are the physical and chemical characteristics of the coronavirus? 冠状病毒对热敏感，56℃30分钟、乙醚、75%乙醇、含氯消毒剂、过氧乙酸和氯仿等脂溶剂均可有效灭活病毒。 Coronavirus is sensitive to heat and can be effectively inactivated by 56 ℃ for 30 minutes, ethyl ether, 75% ethanol, chlorine-containing disinfectant, peracetic acid, and chloroform. 3.可感染人的冠状病毒有哪些? 3. What are the coronaviruses that can infect people? 迄今为止，除新型冠状病毒外，共发现6种可感染人类的冠状病毒(HCoV-229E、HCoV-OC43、SARS-CoV、HCoV-NL63、 HCoV-HKU1和MERS-CoV)。其中4种在人群中较为常见，致病性较低，一般仅引起类似普通感冒的轻微呼吸道症状。另外2种是我们熟知的SARS (严重急性呼吸道综合征) 冠状病毒和MERS (中东呼吸综合征) 冠状病毒。 So farI in addition to the new coronavirus, we have found six kinds of coronaviruses such like HCoV-229E, HCoV-OC43, SARS-CoV, HCoV-NL63, HCoV-HKU1, and MERS-CoV that can infect humans. Four of them are common in the population, with low pathogenicity, generally only causing mild respiratory symptoms similar to the common cold. The other two are well-known SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) coronaviruses and MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) coronaviruses. 4.什么是新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎? 4. What is the pneumonia caused by a novel coronavirus? 新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎是2019年12月在中国中部湖北省武汉市发现的，证实由一种新型冠状病毒引起的急性呼吸道传染病。此新型冠状病毒是以前从未在人体中发现的冠状病毒新毒株，世界卫生组织将该冠状病毒命名为2019-nCoV，即新型冠状病毒。 Pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus was found in central China’s Wuhan City, Hubei Province in December 2019. It has been proved to be an acute respiratory infectious disease caused by a new type of coronavirus. The new coronavirus is a new strain of coronavirus that has not yet been previously found in the human body. The World Health Organization named the coronavirus 2019-nCov, namely a new coronavirus. 5. 感染新型冠状病毒的患者临床表现有哪些? 5. What are the clinical manifestations of someone infected with a novel coronavirus? 以发热、乏力、干咳为主要表现。鼻塞、流涕等上呼吸道症状少见。约半数患者多在一周后出现呼吸困难，严重者快速进展为急性呼吸窘迫综合征、脓血症休克、难以纠正的代谢性酸中毒和出凝血功能障碍。值得注意的是重症、危重症患者病程中可为中低热，甚至无明显发热。部分患者起病症状轻微，可无发热，多在1周后恢复。多数患者预后良好，少数患者病情危重，甚至死亡。 Fever, weakness and dry cough are the main manifestations. Nasal obstruction, runny nose and other upper respiratory symptoms are rare. About half of the patients develop dyspnea after one week, and the severe cases develop rapidly into ARDS (Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome), septic shock, difficult-to-tackle metabolic acidosis and bleeding and coagulation dysfunction. It should be noted that the course of severe and critical patients can be moderate to low fever or even no obvious fever. Some patients have mild onset symptoms. These patients may have no fever and recover after 1 week. Most patients have a good prognosis, while a few patients are in critical condition or even death. 6.有针对新型冠状病毒的疫苗吗? 6. Is there a vaccine for a novel coronavirus? 针对新疾病，目前尚无可用疫苗。开发新疫苗可能需要相当长时间。 There is no vaccine available for the new disease. It may take a long time to develop a new vaccine for it. 7. 与患者密切接触者如何定义? 7. How to define whether a person is in close contact with the patient? 密切接触者是指与病例共同居住、学习、工作或其他有密切接触的人员；诊疗、护理、探视病例时未采取有效防护措施的医护人员、家属或其他与病例有类似近距离接触的人员；病例同病室的其他患者及陪护人员；与病例乘坐同一交通工具并有近距离接触人员；现场调查人员调查后经评估认为符合条件的人员。 Close contacts refer to people who live, study, work or have close contact with the case; medical staff, family members or other people who have similar close contact with the case without taking effective precautions when diagnosing, treating, nursing or visiting the case; other patients and caregivers in the same ward with the case; people who take the same vehicle with the case and have close contact with the case; and people who are evaluated as the qualified by the field investigators. 8.为什么要对密切接触者医学观察14天? 8.Why should close contacts be observed for 14 days? 参考其他冠状病毒所致疾病潜伏期，此次新型冠状病毒病例相关信息和当前防控实际，将密切接触者医学观察期定为14天，并对密切接触者进行居家医学观察。 Referring to the incubation period of other diseases caused by coronaviruses, the new coronavirus case-related information, and current prevention and control practice, the medical observation period of close contacts was set as 14 days, and the close contacts should be observed at home. 9.如果接到疾控部门通知，您是一位密切接触者，该怎么办? 9.If you are informed by the disease control department that you are a close contact, what should you do? 按照要求进行居家医学观察，不用恐慌，不要随便外出，做好自我身体状况观察，定期接受医生的随访，如果出现发热、咳嗽等异常临床表现，及时向当地疾病预防控制机构报告，在其指导下到指定医疗机构进行排查、诊治等。 You can carry out home medical observation as required. Don't be panic. Don't go out casually, and do a good job of observing your physical condition. Receive regular follow-up visits from doctors. In case of abnormal clinical manifestations such as fever and cough, report to local disease prevention and control institutions in time, and under their guidance, go to designated medical institutions for troubleshooting, diagnosis, and treatment, etc. 10. 新型冠状病毒感染能治疗吗? 10. Can the novel coronavirus infection be treated? 世界卫生组织已发布了针对疑似新型冠状病毒感染造成严重急性呼吸道感染的临床处置指南。目前对于新型冠状病毒所致疾病缺乏特异治疗方法，但采用国家卫健委推出的诊疗方案，采用一些抗病毒药物可能具有一定效果。另外，结合SARS的治疗经验教训，充分发挥我国独特的医疗体系优势，采用中西医结合可能具有重要的价值。此外，对感染者的辅助护理可能非常有效。 The World Health Organization (WHO) has released a clinical guideline for severe acute respiratory tract infection caused by suspected novel coronavirus infection. At present, there is no specific treatment for the disease caused by 2019-nCoV. But using the diagnosis and treatment launched by the National Health Commission, using some antiviral drugs to treat patients may have a certain effect. In addition, combined with the experience and lessons of SARS treatment, we can know that we could give play to the unique advantages of China's medical system by using the combination of traditional Chinese and Western medicine which may have important value. In addition, supplementary care for infected people may be very effective. 11.新型冠状病毒感染重症病例基本的应对策略有哪些? 11. What are the basic coping strategies for severe cases of novel coronavirus infection? 预检分诊，识别并分类严重急性呼吸道感染(SARI)患者；立即实施正确的感染预防与控制措施(IPC)；早期支持治疗与监控；采集临床标本用于实验室诊断；处理低氧性呼吸衰竭及急性呼吸窘迫综合征(ARDS)；脓毒性休克的管理；并发症的预防；抗病毒治疗；妊娠患者的特别注意事项。 Set up pre-examination triage, so that the patients with severe acute respiratory infection (SARI) can be identified and classified; immediately implement the correct infection prevention and control measures (IPC); early support treatment and monitoring; collect clinical specimens for laboratory diagnosis; deal with hypoxic respiratory failure and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS); management of septic shock; prevention of complications; antiviral treatment; special precautions for pregnant patients. 第二部分 疫情形势 Part II Epidemic Situation 12.当前疫情发展态势是什么? 12. What is the current situation of epidemic evolution? 近期，湖北省武汉市等多个地区发生新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎疫情。截至2020年1月30日24时，国家卫生健康委收到31个省（自治区、直辖市）和新疆生产建设兵团累计报告确诊病例9692例，现有重症病例1527例，累计死亡病例213例，累计治愈出院病例171例，共有疑似病例15238例。目前累计追踪到密切接触者113579人(北京市核减21例），当日解除医学观察4201人，共有102427人正在接受医学观察。累计收到港澳台地区通报确诊病例28例：香港特别行政区12例，澳门特别行政区7例，台湾地区9例。 Recently, 2019-nCoV infected pneumonia outbroke in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, and other regions. As of at 24:00, January 30th, the National Health Commission received the information from 31 provinces (areas and cities) and Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps that there were 9,692 confirmed cases, of which 1,527 severe cases, 213 death cases, and 171 cases who have been cured.There are 15,238 suspected cases now. At present, there are 113,579 close contacts (Beijing removed 21 cases after double-check), and 4,201 people who have been removed from medical observation, 102,427 people who have been put under medical observation. 28 confirmed cases have been reported from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, including 12 in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 7 in Macao Special Administrative Region, and 9 in Taiwan. 经国务院批准，国家卫生健康委将新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎纳入《中华人民共和国传染病防治法》规定的乙类传染病，采取甲类传染病的预防、控制措施；并纳入《中华人民共和国国境检疫法》规定的检疫传染病管理。 Upon approval from the State Council, the National Health Commission includes 2019-nCoV-infected pneumonia into category B infectious disease specified in the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, and prevention and control measures for category A infectious diseases are taken; quarantinable disease management specified in Frontier Health and Quarantine Law of The People's Republic of China are followed. 13. 为什么短短几天增加了这么多确诊病例? 13. Why are confirmed cases increasing so quickly in just a few days? 因为有了病毒核酸检测试剂盒。近日，国家相关科研机构迅速研发出病毒核酸检测试剂盒，核酸检测试剂盒能通过PCR的方法快速确定病例的样品中是否有特定的基因序列的存在。也就是说，新型冠状病毒相当于有了身份证，病例的样品只要一对比就可以快速判断。 Because a virus nucleic acid detection kit has been developed. Recently, the related national scientific research institutions developed a virus nucleic acid detection kit rapidly. The detection kit can confirm whether there is a specific gene sequence in case samples or not by using a PCR-based approach. In other words, a novel coronavirus can be identified by detection kit; samples of cases can be judged quickly by comparison. 14.防控疫情的关键在哪里? 14. What is the key to prevent and control the outbreak? 防治的关键是防止出现超级传播者。武汉市减少输出是非常重要的一个方面，武汉市会有很严格的筛查检测措施，特别是体温检测，体温高的不建议离开武汉市。2020年1月23日凌晨，武汉市采取了封城措施，这是至关重要的防控关键步骤。 The key is to prevent "super spreaders”. Reducing the outflow of the people in Wuhan City is very important, and strict screening detection measures are taken in Wuhan City, especially body temperature detection. Those who have high body temperature are not recommended to leave Wuhan. The city limited inflow and outflow of people on January 23, 2020，which was the key measures to prevent and control the outbreak. 15.当前防控最有效的办法是什么? 15. What is the most effective way to prevent and control the outbreak at present? 早发现、早报告、早诊断、早隔离、早治疗是最有效的。对已经确诊的病人进行有效隔离治疗，减少接触是极为重要的。 Early detection, early reporting, early diagnosis, early isolation, and early treatment are the most effective measures. It is extremely important for the confirmed cases to get an effective isolation treatment to decrease transmission. 16.新型冠状病毒传染源是什么? 16. What is the infection source of novel coronavirus? 目前新型冠状病毒传染源尚未找到。这次发现的新型冠状病毒基因序列与SARS冠状病毒接近，而SARS冠状病毒已经证实起源于野生动物(蝙蝠)携带的冠状病毒，目前收治病例多数有武汉市"华南海鲜市场”暴露史，这个市场同时还销售活体野生动物，摊主和顾客都有机会接触野生动物携带的冠状病毒。 The infection source of 2019-nCoV has not yet been found. The gene sequence of 2019-nCoV is similar to the SARS coronavirus. However, SARS coronavirus has been proved to stem from the coronavirus that wild animals (bat) carry. At present, most cases admitted have exposure history of "Huanan Seafood Market," where the wild animals were sold, and vendors and customers there have the chance to be in contact with wild animals-carried coronavirus. 17.新型冠状病毒人传人吗? 17. Can novel coronaviruses be transmitted from person to person? 武汉市和广东省均发现人传人病例，截止到1月21日，武汉市已有15名医务人员感染，这证实了疫情可以人传人。 The cases by human-to-human transmission were found in Wuhan City and Guangdong Province; as of January 21, 2020, there were 15 health care workers infected in Wuhan City, which confirmed the virus could have human-to-human transmission. 18.人会通过哪些途径被传染? 18. By which ways will people be infected? 2020年1月27日，由国家卫生健康委员会办公厅、国家中医药管理局办公室联合印发的《新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎诊疗方案（试行第四版）》指出，经呼吸道飞沫传播是主要的传播途径，亦可通过接触传播。 On January 27, 2020, the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pneumonia Infected by Novel Coronavirus (4th trial edition) pressed by the General Office of the National Health Commission and the General Office of the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine points out that the main transmission route is droplet transmission, plus contact transmission. 19.新型冠状病毒会变异吗? 19. Will the novel coronavirus mutate? 新型冠状病毒是以前从未在人体中发现的冠状病毒新毒株，病毒变异仍需严密监控。 The 2019-nCoV is a new strain of coronavirus that has not yet been previously found in human body, so the virus mutation still needs to be monitored closely. 20.新型冠状病毒是否会像SARS一样凶猛? 20. Will the novel coronavirus be as fierce as SARS? 研究显示，新型冠状病毒与SARS具有同源性，相似性约为70%，与MERS相似性约为40%。新型冠状病毒与SARS相比传染性较弱，但与人体呼吸道上皮细胞仍具有较强亲和力，提示其对人体有一定感染能力。 The studies show that 2019-nCoV is homologous with SARS, with the similarity of about 70% and with MERS, about 40%. Compared with SARS, 2019-nCoV has weak infectivity, but a good affinity with human respiratory epithelial cells, indicating certain infectivity for humans. 第三部分 防控常识 Part III Prevention and Control Knowledge 21.新型冠状病毒感染肺炎的病例监测措施主要有哪些? 21. What are the main monitoring measures for the pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus? 各级各类医疗机构在新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎监测和日常诊疗过程中，应提高对新型冠状病毒感染的肺炎病例的诊断和报告意识，对于不明原因发热、咳嗽等症状的病例，应注意询问发病前14天内的行踪或可疑暴露史，野生动物接触史，及其与类似病例的密切接触史。 In the course of pneumonia monitoring and daily diagnosis and treatment of 2019-nCoV infection, medical institutions at all levels and of various types should enhance the awareness of diagnosis and reporting of pneumonia cases of 2019-nCoV infection. For cases with fever, cough and other symptoms of unknown causes, they should pay attention to inquiring about the suspected exposure history within 14 days before the onset of the disease, the history of contact with wild animals, and the history of close contact with similar cases. 22.如何预防被新型冠状病毒感染? 22. How to prevent the novel coronavirus infection? (1)做好冬春季呼吸道传染病预防 (1) Make efforts to prevent respiratory infectious disease in winter and spring 目前正处于冬春季传染病高发季节，市民要增强卫生健康意识，加强锻炼，规律作息，提高自身免疫力。 It is presently in the high-incidence season of the winter and spring infectious diseases, the public should enhance health awareness, do more exercise, have a regular work and rest to improve their immunity. 注意保持室内空气流通，避免到封闭、空气不流通的公众场合和人多集中地方，外出时可佩戴口罩。 Keep proper indoor ventilation, avoid poorly ventilated and crowded places; medical masks shall be worn when going out. 外出回家后，及时洗手、洗鼻。如有发热和其他呼吸道感染症状，特别是持续发热不退，及时到医疗机构就诊。 Wash hands and nose when coming home. If fever and other respiratory symptoms, especially persistent fever occurs, go to hospitals as soon as possible. (2)正确佩戴口罩 (2) Wear medical masks correctly 戴口罩是阻断呼吸道分泌物传播的有效手段。选择医用外科口罩能很好地预防呼吸道疾病。一次性医用口罩佩戴时，要将折面完全展开，将嘴、鼻、下颌完全包住，然后压紧鼻夹，使口罩与面部完全贴合。 Wearing medical masks is an effective way of interrupting respiratory droplets transmission. Medical masks can prevent respiratory diseases properly. When wearing disposable medical masks, fully unfold folded surface, and cover mouth, nose, and lower jaw entirely, then compress nose clip, so masks and face are in full contact with each other. 戴口罩前应洗手，或者在戴口罩过程中避免手接触到口罩内侧，减少口罩被污染的可能。分清楚口罩的内外、上下，浅色面为内，应该贴着嘴鼻，深色面朝外；金属条(鼻夹)一端是口罩的上方。 Wash hands before wearing medical masks or avoid touching the inner side of masks while wearing masks to reduce masks pollution risk. Distinguish the inside and outside and up and down of masks, i.e., the light surface is the inside of masks, which closes to mouth and nose, and the dark surface is the outside of masks; the metal strip (nose clip) side is the upside of masks. 要定期更换、不可戴反，更不能两面轮流戴。 Replace masks regularly; avoid wearing reversely, and even both sides. (3)正确洗手 (3) Wash hands properly 在餐前便后、外出回家、接触垃圾、抚摸动物后，要记得洗手。洗手时，要注意用流动的水和使用肥皂(皂液)洗手，揉搓的时间不少于15秒 Remember to wash hands before eating, after toilet, coming home, coming into contact with garbage and touching animals. When washing hands, use running water and soap (liquid soap), with no less than 15 seconds for rubbing hands. 为了方便记忆，揉搓步骤简单归纳为七字口诀: "内-外-夹-弓-大-立-腕”。 For the convenience of memory, rubbing steps are as follows. - Both hands rub with palm to palm - Both hands cross and rub with palm to hand back - Fingers cross and rub with palm to palm - Fingers entwine and rub rotationally - Rub hands rotationally with thumb in the palm - Rub hands with fingertip in the palm - Wash wrist 23.接触动物有什么特别需要注意的事项? 23. What should be paid special attention to when coming into contact with animals? 避免接触野生禽畜、野生动物及其排泄物和分泌物，避免购买活禽和野生动物；避免前往动物农场和屠宰场、活禽动物交易市场或摊位、野生动物栖息地等场所。必须前往时要做好防护，尤其是职业暴露人群；避免食用野生动物。 Avoid coming into contact with wild livestock, wildlife, and their droppings and secretions, and avoid the purchase of live poultry and wildlife. Avoid visiting animal farms and slaughterhouses, live poultry and animal markets or stalls, wildlife habitats and so forth. People, especially occupationally exposed persons must take precautions when having to go the places mentioned above,. Avoid eating wild animals. 24.当出现了发热、咳嗽等症状时，一定要去医院吗？ 24. When there are fever, cough and other symptoms, do you have to go to the hospital? 普通的感冒、流感、急性的上呼吸道感染、咽炎、支气管炎及扁桃体炎都可能出现咽痛、咳嗽、鼻塞、流涕、打喷嚏等症状。当出现以上症状时，一般判断是普通的呼吸道感染。而感染新型冠状病毒的患者临床主要表现为发热、乏力、干咳，较少出现鼻塞、流涕等上呼吸道症状。 The symptoms such as pharyngeal pain, cough, nasal congestion, runny nose, sneezing, and so on may occur in the common cold, influenza, acute upper respiratory tract infection, pharyngitis, bronchitis, and tonsillitis. When the above symptoms appear, it is generally a common respiratory tract infection. However, the patients infected with the 2019-nCoV mainly have fever, fatigue, and dry cough with less symptoms of the upper respiratory tract such as nasal congestion, runny nose. 当出现了发热、咳嗽等症状，而自己又无法准确判断时，建议通过微医互联网总医院在线问诊后再做决定。目前一些城市的医院聚集了大量的呼吸道疾病患者，如果直接去医院就诊，不但不能有效的获取有用信息，还容易造成交叉感染。 When a person has fever, cough, and other symptoms, and cannot accurately judge by himself, it is recommended to make a decision based on the WeDoctor's Digital general hospital online consultation. At present, hospitals in some cities gather a large number of patients with respiratory diseases. If they go to the hospital directly, they cannot effectively obtain useful information and are prone to get cross-infection.
WS5e37f4eba31012821727482d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37f4eba31012821727482d.html	2020-02-03	Chinese shares off to bumpy start amid coronavirus impact	BEIJING -- China's stock market reacted to the ongoing novel coronavirus outbreak with an anticipated drop Monday, its first trading day on China's lunar calendar, as analysts say pessimism will be short-lived and give way to long-term bullishness. The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index dropped 7.72 percent to 2,746.61 points and the Shenzhen Component Index closed 8.45 percent lower at 9,779.67 points on Monday, with losers outnumbering gainers by 1,438 to 53 on the Shanghai bourse and 2,086 to 99 in Shenzhen. Shares in the agriculture and real estate sectors led the losses. Bucking the downward trend, stocks related to the medical industry led the gains, with more than 20 companies in the sector climbing by the daily limit of 10 percent. Judging by the historical performance of epidemic-hit stock markets, analysts say they believe the impact is mainly about investor sentiment and expectation, which will become basically negligible in the long term. Sectors including transport, retail and catering bear the brunt of the outbreak, but they are expected to see rapid recovery in one to three months once given the all-clear of the disease, said Lu Zhengwei, chief economist of Industrial Bank. He said the new outbreak will be contained within a shorter period of time than the SARS epidemic in 2003, citing much faster and effective nationwide emergency response. Given that the extension of the Spring Festival will remain effective in some areas until Feb. 9, the Chinese stock market still reopened on Monday, which showed China's respect for market rules and its determination to overcome difficulties, sources with the China Securities Regulatory Commission said in an interview with Xinhua. The country's authorities have rolled out a raft of measures to strengthen its financial support for epidemic control, with the battle against the novel coronavirus at a critical stage, according to a circular released on Saturday. As more supportive policies to stabilize the stock market, market analysts expected the epidemic to only have a temporary impact on China's economy. "We are fully confident in and capable of minimizing the epidemic's impact on the economy," said Lian Weiliang, deputy chief of the National Development and Reform Commission, at a press conference in Beijing. Noting that some people compared the coronavirus outbreak with the 2003 SARS epidemic and made economic loss projections based on the SARS damage, Lian said: "China's current economic strength, resources and abilities to deal with emergencies have significantly strengthened since that time, and we are fully confident in and capable of winning the battle against the epidemic."
WS5e37e842a310128217274804	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37e842a310128217274804.html	2020-02-03	Zimbabwe student remains to help battle coronavirus	Mengya, a junior of Guangxi University of Finance and Economics from Zimbabwe, gave up his winter vacation to do his part in the battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic in China. He volunteered at the railway station in Yulin, a neighboring city to his university home in Nanning, for the Spring Festival travel rush. He helps clean and disinfect the station and ensures travelers obey safety instructions to prevent the spread of the virus from the station. He knew about the epidemic and made the decision to help after he was invited by his Chinese friend Li Yuzhao, a staff member at the Yulin train station, to a Spring Festival performance at the station. The pair became friends at a concert because they both love rap music. Mengya said he is very sad that the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic has affected Chinese people so harshly and has even caused deaths. He said the railway is doing a good job in providing assistance to stem the epidemic by checking every traveler's temperature and whether they are wearing masks at all times. He said China has rapidly adopted effective measures to isolate the infection, and support and relief efforts are coming from everywhere in the country. "I see strong national cohesion," he said.
WS5e37e458a3101282172747ef	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37e458a3101282172747ef.html	2020-02-03	Coronavirus Battle in China: What effect is the epidemic likely to have on China's economy?	There are three major views, both in China and abroad, about the negative impact of the 2019-nCov epidemic on China's economy. The "critical impact" theory tends to think that it will have serious effect on the already slackening Chinese economy, even causing a slide of its growth rate and handicapping global economy. Based on data about the economic impact of SARS in 2003, the "manageable impact" theory believes that the epidemic will have only limited and controllable effect on China's economy, and that China's economic performance of the whole year will not be much influenced despite a declining growth rate in the first season. The "uncertain impact" theory holds that historical evidence does not tell much about the future economic trajectory, but the actual economic impact depends on how long the epidemic will last. After all, China's economic size (99 trillion RMB in GDP) is 9 times that of 2003 (11.7 trillion RMB). Indeed, it would be imprudent to judge the economic impact of the epidemic by historical experience. The new millennium has witnessed the outbreak of a number of epidemics, natural disasters or other acute incidents in China. Yet the Chinese government has managed to contain and tackle them one by one, including SARS in 2003 (which caused the biggest short-term effect on economy), H1N1 (swine flu) in 2009, and H7N9 (bird flu), as well as the Wenchuan earthquake in 2008. Even in face of the rampant global financial crisis in 2009, China was able to maintain steady growth of economy with a strong stimulus package and collective international efforts led by the Group of Twenty (G20). It is worth noting, however, that the potential impact of the 2019-nCov epidemic can be different from all the previous epidemics and other incidents. For one thing, it occurs when China's economy, in the midst of a transition from high-speed growth to highquality development, faces three daunting tasks domestically, i.e., guarding against systemic financial risks, control of pollution, and poverty eradication; externally, with globalization under unprecedented challenges and China-U.S. trade frictions only starting to ease, China's economy will be further hit if the country is labeled as an "epidemic area." For another thing, the current epidemic has influenced larger areas and to greater degrees. Not only are the complete quarantine of Wuhan city and firstlevel response applied by more than 30 provinces or municipalities the first time in history, but the epidemic has impacted all economic fields across the nation; its effect on small- and medium-sized enterprises is yet to be seen, while China's employment, local government debt issue, and stability of the RMB value are all under severe test. It is widely forecast that China's economic growth will be down by 1 to 1.5 percentage point. Some even doubt if China's economy can achieve a 5-percent growth in 2020. To be more specific, the 2019-nCov epidemic poses direct harm on three main sectors of China's economy: (1) the service sector, especially such consumer industries as tourism, catering, entertainment and logistics (in particular for small- and mediumsized enterprises); (2) the manufacturing sector, typically in mobile phone, automobile and electronic industries, due to indefinite time for return to operation, which may to some extent disrupt the global industrial chains; as a manufacturing center in China, Wuhan city is under heavy economic blow; and (3) the trade sector, owing to potential cuts or even shutdown of airlines, sea routes and borders by some countries as a result of the prevailing panic or geopolitical considerations. Nevertheless, the resilience of China's economy cannot be underestimated. Even in the short term, the epidemic does not cause merely negative effect on economy, but it has benefited such industries as electronic commerce and online game and entertainment. At the same time, the Chinese government boasts strong financial capacity in crisis management -- as of January 29, 2020, a total of 27.3 billion RMB (nearly $4 billion) had been provided by governments of all levels for epidemic control; more policy measures will be adopted as the epidemic continues. In the mid-term, some Americans doubt if China is able to fulfil its commitment made in the Phase I deal with the United States; however, China's purchase of U.S. agricultural products is expected to reach a new high for the deal has greatly wiped off the uncertainty of China-U.S. trade relations; besides, due to the epidemic, China is very likely to increase purchase of other products, such as medical equipment and supplies. Notably, the epidemic will be taken into full consideration in the making of China's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-2025) and new measures are expected to be adopted to stimulate economy for the next five years. In the long run, as China has grown to be the second largest economy, the epidemic cannot undermine its huge potential in consumption, urbanization, and such new economic fields as 5G and artificial intelligence.
WS5e37e1e5a3101282172747e0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37e1e5a3101282172747e0.html	2020-02-03	Coronavirus Battle in China: How can the international community cope with the epidemic for common human security?	In our globalized world, the 2019-nCov epidemic will inevitably have global impacts. Committed to promoting the building of a community of shared future for mankind, China has been striving to undertake its due international responsibilities and obligations in countering the epidemic. Above all, with utmost openness and promptness, the Chinese government is working closely with the World Health Organization (WHO) on every step of the epidemic, exemplified by President Xi's meeting with WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesuson on January 28. After the Director-General declared the 2019-nCov epidemic as a "public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC)," China's mainstream media like People's Daily and Xinhua News Agency reported the news instantly, indicating that the Chinese government has nothing to hide from the public and that the Chinese people are fully confident in conquering the epidemic. Next, the Chinese government has given full understanding and assistance to other governments' actions to prevent the epidemic, such as some countries' evacuation missions from Wuhan and their decisions to halt airlines to China. All such requests will continue to be met with utmost efficiency and generosity from the Chinese government. Furthermore, the Chinese government has remained open and grateful to all kinds of assistance from other countries in countering the epidemic. At the same time, China is considering promoting such cooperation in future epidemics of the world. Finally, both the Chinese government and public opinion are quite concerned about the impact of the epidemic on the world. For example, the government has been trying to minimize the spread of the epidemic to other countries by increasing control of overseas travels by the population in worst-hit regions and calling on the public to take social responsibilities in preventing the dissemination of the virus. With regard to the global concern over the 2019-nCov epidemic, we suggest the following joint actions by the international community for our common security: First, optimize the existing epidemic information disclosure mechanisms. China's daily "epidemic bulletin" broadcast in multiple languages plays the key role, in particular the languages of neighboring countries, such as Russian, Japanese, Korean and English, so that related information and data can be accessible to the public before fake news and rumors begin to spread. Successful actions of the Chinese government in preventing the spread of the epidemic can be introduced in detail in the Bulletin, too. The real-time Bulletin in multiple languages should be put on the websites of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Chinese embassies and consulates abroad. Meanwhile, we strongly hope that international media and thinktanks maintain an objective, comprehensive and humane stance in conducting reports or analyses of the epidemic and avoid hyping unconfirmed information or even rumors. Second, strengthen international exchange of experience in epidemic control. It is important for China to translate the latest Guidelines for Preventing the 2019-nCov into different languages and pass it over to neighboring countries swiftly and in multiple forms (such as by social media). It will not only help those countries counter the epidemic with Chinese experience, but also contribute to China's image as a "kind neighbor" and "responsible great power." We call for more support from the United States, EU and other developed countries in medical equipment and supplies, as well as their best practices in epidemic control. Third, oppose discrimination against epidemic-struck regions and people. The epidemic must not become a new fence between countries, but it should be turned into a new bridge across nations. At present, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs as well as embassies and consulates abroad are in close contact with the governments and health and epidemic prevention agencies of other countries, updating them with the latest progress in countering the epidemic. Chinese communities abroad also keep a close eye on the health conditions of Chinese living in their neighborhood; and they are ready to help local epidemic prevention agencies, if necessary, to provide certifications for healthy Chinese or those proven healthy through self-quarantine, so as to prevent ugly anti-Chinese events due in large part to incomplete information. We hereby advocate that the public in all countries remain calm about the epidemic and avoid discrimination against Chinese or any infected persons. For we, as human beings, are one family and no ethnic group can stand immune to our common challenge.
WS5e37e191a3101282172747dc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37e191a3101282172747dc.html	2020-02-03	Coronavirus Battle in China: Can the Chinese government manage to contain the epidemic?	China has adopted a whole-of-government approach, coupled with full social mobilization, in the fight against the 2019-nCov epidemic. At the central level, Beijing has been on high alert since the early days and activated the public health emergency response mechanism as soon as confirmed cases rose to 200. On January 20, President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang instructed governments at all levels to pay highest attention to the development of the epidemic. The National Health Commission and local authorities were ordered to activate allround emergency response mechanisms. On January 25, Premier Li was designated chair of a newly established central leading small group on battling the 2019-nCov epidemic and visited Wuhan two days later to inspect the latest progress and boost public morale. Rapid mobilization at the top level catapulted the whole nation into instant reaction. At present, more than 52 batches of medical staff of 6,097 professionals are working in Wuhan and other places in Hubei. Medical supplies including face masks, protective suits, and medicines are arriving in epidemic areas. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has urged medical suppliers across China to restore to their full productive capacity to ensure sustained provision of all necessary items. The Ministry of Finance has allocated 1 billion RMB in emergency funds for Wuhan and Hubei. Vegetables, food, and other life necessities have been sent from other places to Wuhan for the nine million residents there. Local authorities are taking every measure in epidemic control and prevention. At the moment, most of the confirmed cases reported in regions other than Hubei are imported infections -- patients have either traveled to or lived in Wuhan or come into close contact with infected victims. There has been no epicenter of outbreak except Wuhan due to early government intervention. For now, top priorities for local governments include: identifying and caring for symptomatic patients, and advising and monitoring people with Wuhan travel records to self-quarantine. Restrictive measures such as migration control and mass quarantine may give rise to social disorder, which requires appropriate responses from local authorities. Price control and quality supervision are also necessary as demands for face masks and liquid soap have soared. Local authorities have a crucial role to play in vast rural areas, since residents there only have vague awareness of personal hygiene and many remain reluctant to wear face masks and wash hands with soap even if infection seems imminent. New year greetings and family reunions during the Spring Festival also significantly increase the likelihood of mass infection. In the absence of quality medical resources, local authorities play an indispensable role in imposing self-quarantine, advising against unnecessary travels or visits, and promoting public health education. Apart from implementing local prevention and control measures, provincial and local governments, at the request of the central government, are also supposed to provide timely assistance to Wuhan in terms of hospital staff, medical materials, and food supplies. Factories have difficulty restoring to their full manufacturing capacities as most of them are understaffed, under-supplied, and under-funded during holidays. Local authorities should mobilize and coordinate resources to assist those factories to return to operation. Inter-provincial assistance and coordination reflects a nation-wide consensus on the imperative of standing up to challenges at critical moments. Enterprises and the general public are also contributing to the combat against the epidemic. Financial and material donations from Chinese enterprises have been growing since the onset of the deadly virus. Charities and Red Cross agencies in Hubei have received up to 4. 26 billion RMB and 5.29 million pieces of materials in donation by the end of January. Corporate giants like Alibaba and Fosun International Limited have made overseas purchases to supply urgently needed medical equipment to Wuhan. What is worth noting is that Chinese tech firms have proven that the Internet plays a special role in China’s social governance. For example, Tencent has set up eleven platforms providing online services such as information disclosure and medical advice. One platform offers online medical clinical services aimed to reduce feverish patients’ exposure to virus in hospital. Another platform helps calm down the public by debunking rumors and conspiracy theories. Didi, a car-hailing service firm, has set up a dedicated convoy to ferry medical staff amid Wuhan’s traffic shutdown. Another firm has devised a search app whereby users can check whether they have been the fellow-travelers of an infected victim. From the SARS outbreak to the 2019-nCov epidemic, Internet companies have shouldered increasing corporate responsibilities in times of crisis. The Chinese public has experienced a quiet Spring Festival as many have canceled their scheduled gatherings and planned vacations. Despite the initial anxiety, criticism, and concerns over information disclosure, the general public’s conscience and rationality in a country with 1.4 billion population and 800 million netizens are commendable. With enhanced information transparency by the government, initial criticism soon abated and in its place were optimism and general support of government initiatives and programs. Now, the public is admiring the courageous medical staff from all over China working in Wuhan hospitals, hailing Dr. Zhong Nanshan -- the first professional boldly warning against human-to-human transmission -- as a national hero, and watching live at 3 a.m. the construction of the Leishenshan and Huoshenshan hospitals with chants of “Hang on Wuhan, we stand with you.” Today, instead of complaining and grieving, more and more Chinese people are comforting and encouraging each other. This boosted public morale has contributed to the rapid social mobilization for epidemic prevention and control. At the same time, public donations to Wuhan have never stopped since the early days of the combat. Besides donations to Wuhan charities and Red Cross agencies, the public has mailed to Wuhan face masks and protective suits. Social groups have volunteered to work in Wuhan. Overseas members of alumni societies of Wuhan University, Nanjing University, and Tsinghua University have provided urgently needed medical materials to Wuhan hospitals. Many medical associations have volunteered to provide counselling services to ease patient families’ fears. In Shanghai, some residents salute the service and sacrifice of those front-line medical personnel by sending them milk tea, bread, and fine meals. Some warmhearted citizens place hundreds of face masks at a police station’s entrance without leaving their names. These acts and moments of appreciation and love reflect the growing determination of the Chinese people to conquer the 2019-nCov epidemic. From Coronavirus Battle in China: Process and Prospect, a report written by Shanghai Institutes for International Studies
WS5e37e004a3101282172747d5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37e004a3101282172747d5.html	2020-02-03	Coronavirus Battle in China: Why were mass quarantines exercised on Wuhan and other epidemic areas?	Quarantine is a traditional and yet the most effective measure to contain a deadly epidemic, although it may bring unforeseen risks and consequences. Because there is no specific cure or vaccine against virus-caused infections (including 2019-nCoV),standard public health emergency measures usually prove most efficient, including isolating the sources of infection, cutting off or interrupting transmission routes, and special care for the most susceptible people. Available medical evidence shows that humans, regardless of gender, age, or race, are all susceptible to this deadly new coronavirus; thus, in the absence of specific cure or vaccine, source isolation and transmission chain interruption are by far the only reliable and effective methods. The unprecedented exercise of a full quarantine on Wuhan, the heart of the outbreak, reflects China’s dedication as a responsible great power. In fact, since the quarantine began, the number of confirmed cases in all regions has grown at a much lower speed than that in the epicenter Hubei province; and Wuhan remains the only city with concentrated infections. Of all the confirmed cases outside Hubei province, the majority of patients have either lived in or traveled to Wuhan or other areas of Hubei recently, and the rest have been in close contact with the above-mentioned patients. So far, there has been no reported incident of local community transmission or any new epicenter of outbreak. Based on these facts, we can conclude that strict control over population outflows from Hubei province is an effective way to contain the spread of the deadly virus. At present, high-level emergency alerts have been activated all across China and vigorous public health measures taken to identify, diagnose, and isolate infections or suspected cases at the earliest possible moment. At the same time, the Lunar New Year holidays have been extended to keep the nation-wide migration of population at the minimum level; and travelers from Wuhan and other epidemic areas are advised to report their travel records and to self-quarantine for two weeks to prevent community transmission. The reported five million people who had left Wuhan before the lockdown announcement are not panicky evacuees, but migrant workers seeking family reunions back in their hometowns or holiday travelers taking their leisure time around China and even abroad. What would happen if China had not closed off Wuhan and other epidemic areas? According to credible analysis, highly-connected global transport networks may enable contagious pathogens to spread from backwater villages in unknown corners of the world to major cities on six continents in less than 36 hours and trigger outbreaks or cause epidemics. Yet in China, by January 30, 2020, more than a month after the first confirmed case was reported and eight days after the Wuhan lockdown, there had been 18 countries reporting 98 scattered cases of infection altogether，according to the latest WHO report. Had the Chinese government not taken determined efforts to quarantine the places with concentrated confirmed cases, the deadly virus may have spread all over the world and generated devastating impact on the global economic and public health systems. As WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesuson correctly pointed out at a press conference on January 30, “the Chinese government is to be congratulated for the extraordinary measures it has taken to contain the outbreak, despite the severe social and economic impact those measures are having on the Chinese people”. Beijing is doing everything possible to ensure sustained supplies of daily necessities and medical materials. Hubei province is abundant in natural resources and basic supplies have never fallen short. The Ministry of Commerce has activated a material supplying mechanism involving nine provincial authorities, through which basic items, including medical materials, steadily flow into Hubei. It is a long-running tradition for the Chinese to store more than enough food and other items for the Spring Festival season and many households in Wuhan have already accumulated ample supplies before the lockdown. So there is not a general shortage of food or other life necessities. Wuhan citizens are not left in a deserted city to their own devices. Food supplies and basic social services are fully ensured. Although Wuhan’s public transport has been suspended, local residents’ personal freedom has not been restricted and most households have opted for self-quarantine to avoid potential infection. Those who have to travel are offered vehicles by community-level organizations. Public mood is improving as local residents’ lives begin to come back to normal with regular information disclosure and stepped-up personal hygienic measures. Hubei province has 72 grade-A hospitals and 942 other medical facilities, of which two of China’s top ten hospitals are located in Wuhan, together with 229 other medical facilities. Medical institutions across China stand ready to provide assistance to Wuhan at request and groups of medical personnel are arriving at Wuhan to reinforce the local public health system. Following the model of Xiaotangshan Hospital built in 2003 to treat the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) victims in Beijing, three new hospitals are erected in Hubei, including the 1,000-bed Dabieshan Regional Medical Center in Huang Gang, which was put into full operation on January 28, as well as the Huoshenshan Hospital (with 1,000 beds and covering 34,000 square meters) and Leishenshan Hospital (with 1,500 beds and spanning 75,000 square meters) in Wuhan, which are expected to be ready for use on February 3 and 5, respectively -- within 10 days after plans for construction were made. Full operation of the three facilities will further enhance the local public health capacities. From Coronavirus Battle in China: Process and Prospect, a report written by Shanghai Institutes for International Studies
WS5e37d1f6a310128217274788	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37d1f6a310128217274788.html	2020-02-03	China mulls measures for foreign trade enterprises while combating coronavirus: MOC	Ships get ready for their voyages in the foreign trade container terminal of Qingdao port in Shandong province. [Photo by Yu Fangping / For China Daily] BEIJING -- Foreign trade enterprises in China will resume production capacity soon, while authorities are stepping up efforts to improve the business environment and reduce their burden, the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Monday. Most foreign trade enterprises in China tend to start operation and shipping after the 15th day of the first lunar month, and the MOC is paying close attention to the situation amid the novel coronavirus outbreak, said Vice Minister of Commerce Wang Bingnan. Departments and local governments at all levels are making precise policies to create a sound business environment and alleviate the burden on enterprises, Wang said. The World Health Organization spoke highly of China's epidemic prevention and control efforts and did not recommend overreactions such as trade and travel restrictions. China is confident in and capable of eventually defeating the novel coronavirus epidemic, and believes that the governments and market players on the global supply chain will do more to facilitate both exports and imports of China, Wang added.
WS5e37c85da310128217274734	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37c85da310128217274734.html	2020-02-03	Hubei companies develop novel coronavirus detection products	A medical worker takes a passenger's body temperature at Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] WUHAN -- Six biotech companies in Central China's Hubei province have developed new products for detecting the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), according to local authorities. Wang Wei, director of the Hubei Provincial Department of Science and Technology, made the remarks at a news conference on prevention and control of the epidemic caused by the novel coronavirus in Hubei on Sunday. The two novel coronavirus detection kits developed by the BGI in Wuhan and the sequencing system of the virus developed by the MGI in Wuhan have been approved by the National Medical Products Administration on Jan 26, said Wang. The new products for detecting the virus developed by other four companies have also been submitted for approval, Wang added. In addition, two antibody detection kits jointly developed by Wuhan Institute of Virology and a pharmaceutical company have started production and will soon be put into the market. Hubei had reported 11,177 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus infection by Sunday, with 350 deaths and 1,701 cases in severe or critical condition. Since the outbreak, Hubei has stepped up measures to speed up the diagnosis process and expand the supply capacity of virus detection products.
WS5e37c1eba310128217274706	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37c1eba310128217274706.html	2020-02-03	Shanghai institute gathers top minds to combat novel coronavirus	The World Laureates Association Shanghai Center research team discusses the novel coronavirus outbreak with Gavin Screaton (first from left), head of the Medical Sciences Division at the University of Oxford, and Raymond Dwek (second from left), the director of the Oxford Glycobiology Institute, at the university in late January, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The World Laureates Association Shanghai Center said on Monday that it has gathered top scientists and resources from around the world to aid its investigation into the novel coronavirus. To date, scientists such as Roger Kornberg, the 2006 Nobel Laureate in Chemistry, Michael Levitt, the 2013 Nobel Laureate in Chemistry, Richard Lerner, the 1994 Wolf Laureate in Chemistry, and Raymond Dewk, the director of the Oxford Glycobiology Institute, have proposed solutions to combat the virus. The solutions are geared toward areas such as the development of virus inhibitors for host cells and the development of specific neutralizing antibodies and virus vaccines against viral proteins. "They are willing to actively exert international scientific power to support China in combating the epidemic outbreak," the WLA Shanghai Center, a collaboration between the Hong Kong-based World Laureates Association and the Shanghai government, said in a press release. Led by Kornberg, who is also the WLA chairman, WLA Shanghai center had last month set up a team of Chinese researchers to meet with scientists and the world's leading scientific research institutions, including the Scripps Research Institute, the Department of Biology at Stanford University, the Virus Infection Center at the University of Oxford and the Medical Sciences Division at the University of Oxford, to conduct extensive research into the prevention and treatment of the novel coronavirus.
37533343	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/guizhou/guiyang/2020-02/03/content_37533343.htm	2020-02-03	Coronavirus meeting broadcast live in Guizhou	Sun Zhigang (L) and Shen Yiqin at Guizhou's coronavirus meting. [Photo/guizhou.gov.cn] Southwest China's Guizhou province became the first province in the country to broadcast a coronavirus prevention and control meeting live on TV and the internet on Jan 31. At the meeting it was reported that by noon of Jan 31, Guizhou had confirmed 29 infections, in eight cities and prefectures, with one patient discharged from hospital, 28 still receiving treatment, and five in a serious condition. In addition, Guizhou has 61 suspected infections, with 362 people currently under medical observation. According to Sun Zhigang, secretary of the CPC Guizhou Provincial Committee, the live broadcast allowed people from across the province to learn about the latest work to tackle the epidemic. Sun announced that the heads of every government department would remain on duty and ensure transparency. Those who conceal, omit or delay epidemic reports will face investigation. Currently, Guizhou is facing shortages of medical supplies and is working to alleviate this. Shen Yiqin, governor of Guizhou Provincial Government, said that the province's emergency treatment center has a capacity of less than 100 patients, but 400 more beds will be added plus 1,000 backup beds. The government will put every effort into ensuring it can meet the extra demands on healthcare services.    
WS5e37b34aa3101282172746c9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37b34aa3101282172746c9.html	2020-02-03	WHO advises public on novel coronavirus	BEIJING -- The World Health Organization (WHO) released information and advice recently to the public regarding the novel coronavirus epidemic, which has struck China, particularly its central Hubei Province. "Antibiotics do not work against viruses, only bacteria," the WHO said on its official website, noting that as the novel coronavirus is a virus, antibiotics are not effective in preventing or treating it. However, if a patient is hospitalized for the virus, he may receive antibiotics since "bacterial co-infection is possible," the organization added. Up to now, there is no specific medicine for preventing or treating the virus, but some particular cures are being studied and will be tested in clinical trials, the WHO said, adding that it is working with partners to help accelerate related research and development work. "People of all ages" can be infected with the novel coronavirus, and elder people and people with pre-existing medical conditions such as asthma, diabetes and heart disease are more susceptible, the WHO said. With regard to whether companion animals like dogs or cats can be infected with the virus, the WHO said, there is no evidence on it yet. But the organization advised people to wash hands with soap and water after contacting pets, which can help protect them against "various common bacteria such as E.coli and Salmonella that can pass between pets and humans." Chinese health authorities said on Monday that it received reports of 2,829 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection and 57 deaths on Sunday from 31 provincial-level regions and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps.
WS5e37aeaca31012821727469c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37aeaca31012821727469c.html	2020-02-03	Societal oversight fosters transparency amid coronavirus outbreak	"The public has the right to know" isn't just an empty saying. Over the past week, Chinese people and the media have been active in demanding information and transparency in the fight against the novel coronavirus. Transparency is a crucial component to managing a public health crisis, especially one that's rapidly developing and affecting not just the 1.4 billion Chinese citizens, but people around the world. Multiple cities are now under travel restrictions. In many places, the public has been told to conduct self-quarantine if they've traveled through a heavily infected region. Society is getting strained by the evolving situation. People are united in fighting the disease not just at home, but through donations to areas like Wuhan where resources have been depleted by the rocketing demand. They need to believe that their assistance will be translated into meaningful results, not just left in a warehouse and wasting away. The government and authorities are meant to be that guarantee. This is where the Red Cross Society of China's Wuhan branch has failed. It started with a public discussion over the selling of donated vegetables on the market in Wuhan, forcing the Wuhan branch to release a clarification. Then, the organization responded to netizens' questioning of returned donations and their accompanying receipts, in which the Wuhan branch claimed it had made mistakes. Also the organization's act of sending face masks to hospitals that are not specialized or responsible for receiving patients infected with coronavirus has been bombarded by the public's demand for an explanation on social media. According to data on January 30, more than 9,000 boxes of face masks, 70,000 sets of protective suits and 80,000 goggles have been received by the Red Cross Society of China's Wuhan branch. A total of 600 million yuan has been donated to the organization, with more than 150 million spent already. And while the scene of resources pouring into the city gets reported, the public is still hearing stories about hospitals where protective suits are out of supply. Major media outlets like CCTV and People's Daily have published articles and produced shows calling for transparency in this campaign against the virus. By not disclosing the information in a manner appropriate to the magnitude of the crisis, the Red Cross Society of China's Wuhan branch is eroding the public's trust in authorities. Every time it claims that it has made a mistake, this is one more incidence of trampling on people's hope that their contributions are helping those in need. When the higher-ups are not being transparent enough, people have taken the matters into their hands to demand more information. The online barrage against the Red Cross Society of China's Wuhan branch has led officials from Wuhan municipal government admit that there are inefficiencies in the work of the organization, and promise that it will be working to improve it. The mayor of Wuhan also promised to the public to disclose the organization's information every three days. He asked the organization to publish information about donors and recipients online, and for the organization to accept that society will be overseeing its actions. Xu Qinduo, current affairs commentator at China Plus and CGTN, says that China has seen a "nationwide mobilization of resources." But, it is not just medical equipment getting mobilized. Public opinion is on the move too. The societal oversight of the crisis is forcing organizations and officials to adhere to the principle of transparency. And only by being transparent about information can the society unite against the crisis at hand.
WS5e37aeaea31012821727469f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37aeaea31012821727469f.html	2020-02-03	Coronavirus: An excuse for anti-China sentiment?	A woman wearing a mask walks along a street in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, January 26, 2020. /Xinhua Photo The coronavirus outbreak in China, as well as certain foreign countries, has caused various reactions. It took only a month or so before Chinese scientists finalized the study of this new virus (2019-nCoV), sequenced its DNA and raised the alert. It was reported to the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019. The coronavirus outbreak, which has yet to be fully contained, has led to various kinds of xenophobia in certain countries, especially in my country, France, where it has had unexpected repercussions, including the rise of racism against populations of Asian descent. Recently, a hashtag – JeNeSuisPasUnVirus (IAmNotAVirus) – currently trending on Twitter has raised this sentiment to the peak. A French newspaper also deliberately used a sensational headline, a "New yellow peril?" Over the past few days, several French citizens of Asian descent as well as Asians residing in France – including Japanese, Korean or Vietnamese people – have denounced violent and sometimes humiliating behavior toward them from French people inviting them to "return to their own country: China." Some of them have even been chased out of subway trains or had people refuse to be served by them in restaurants. Coronavirus has become an excuse for racist behavior, which has long been kept under the radar in France and widely neglected by French authorities. In an article published in Europe Journal on November 30, 2017, following the murder of Chinese national Zhang Chaolin in Paris, I attempted to draw attention to the attitude of media, as well as political and associative spheres, which had remained strangely silent. The constant anti-China media propaganda has certainly not helped in avoiding this growing racism toward Asians. Other great European nations, such as Germany or the United Kingdom, have been affected by this phenomenon as well, seemingly to a lesser extent. However, the real issue is understanding how racism came to be so open. Other than the anti-China campaign in the media, the economic and social uneasiness the French society has been experiencing is certainly one of the reasons for this growing rejection. Asian communities in France are generally seen as successful from an economic standpoint, and their children often get good grades in school. Despite being a generalization, it remains somewhat true, and the current propaganda accusing China of trying to conquer the world, especially Europe, with its economic power and its nationals living abroad, clearly feeds this hostility. Facing such psychosis, reason struggles to take over. In France, the flu causes thousands of casualties each year. The French Agency for Sanitary Safety has recently announced that the epidemic has spread to almost all of the country. A team of professors at the Bichat Hospital in Paris declared on January 29 in a press conference that risks of infection with the coronavirus in France were negligible. The head of emergency services added that he did not believe wearing a mask in the city was necessary, "the risk of meeting someone with the virus is very small." Obviously, the risk of being infected by the flu virus is much greater than that of the coronavirus. In 2018, several thousand deaths were allegedly caused by this virus in France, despite being well known, and people being advised to get vaccinated every year. Since November 2019, influenza has already caused 22 deaths in France. In the United States, since October 1, 2019, there have been more than 8.200 deaths, according to the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control. The coronavirus in China has caused more than 200 deaths so far in a country with a far greater population and during a time when the threat was yet to be contained. The massive means adopted in China to bring this outbreak to a halt should already be slowing down the spread and quickly lead to efficient control of the virus and the manufacturing of a vaccine. When facing the threat of an epidemic, regardless of the virus, xenophobia or even racism would only deteriorate the situation.
WS5e378a7fa3101282172745d8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e378a7fa3101282172745d8.html	2020-02-03	Spring Festival under the coronavirus outbreak	A view in front of Tiananmen Square in Beijing, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] China has adopted stringent measures to combat the novel coronavirus during the holiday, whether as people journey during the Spring Festival rush or at the gates of various tourist attractions. Most people prefer staying at home or wearing masks when they have to go out, a useful way to support the prevention and control of the epidemic. A staff member measures temperatures of tourists at the entrance of Jingshan Park in Beijing, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A passenger holds a baby, both wearing masks, at Beijing Railway Station, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A man wears a self-made protective mask at Beijing South Railway Station, Feb 2, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Passengers wear masks at Beijing Railway Station, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] The outside of the Palace Museum's Shenwumen, or the Gate of Divine Prowess in Beijing, Jan 31, 2020. The Palace Museum announced earlier it would be temporarily closing its doors on Jan 25 for the need to control the coronavirus outbreak. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A person wears mask in a car in Beijing, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Passengers wear masks and sunglasses at Beijing Capital International Airport, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A woman with her child, both wearing masks, is going to the departure gate at the Beijing Capital International Airport, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A boy wears a mask at a plane from Beijing to Dalian, Northeast China's Liaoning province, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A mall with few customers at Beijing’s Oriental Ginza shopping mall, Jan 30, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e378662a310128217274579	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e378662a310128217274579.html	2020-02-03	Epidemics know no politics or borders; defeating the coronavirus requires concerted efforts	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, January 24, 2020. /Xinhua Photo Like any other unexpected outbreak, coronavirus caused fear, anxiety and panic among people in Chinese city of Wuhan, Hubei Province in general and entire world. The good news is that China's response on how to combat and stop the spread of the coronavirus has been undoubtedly swift, and amazing as World Health Organization (WHO) Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus noted: "I will praise China again and again because its actions actually helped in reducing the spread of the novel coronavirus to other countries." While there is need for countries to act swiftly in ensuring the coronavirus does not spread more, there is need to understand that infectious outbreaks and their agents never mind about our political ideologies or even borders – that we can all at one time be victims of such outbreak and hence, the need for combined efforts despite our different political ideologies, after all, what threatens our well-being is common. Therefore, a threat to people's well-being like coronavirus which can spread and affect many people in a short time should encourage us to work together in such times and find solutions other than closing our borders and thinking of evacuating our citizens fast like in a spirit of every man for himself and God for us all. Unilateral actions like travel restrictions against Chinese citizens by some countries even after WHO advised against such should be avoided since such measures can affect economies, information sharing and samples of microbes or viruses which is a key step in finding how to counter a new outbreak. Unless there is good cooperation and a gesture of good will to working together in such times, we risk a repeat of 2007 when Indonesia stopped sharing samples with foreign researchers during the outbreak of H5N1 bird flu, fearing sharing their samples would be used to develop vaccines which would in-turn be very expensive for them. Travel restrictions and blame game do not only violate WHO laws but also affect efforts to quickly fight spreading of such virus on top of economic consequences as a result of such travel restrictions. Also, media especially the Western media reporting on outbreaks particularly coronavirus has focused more on causing fear other than mobilizing and urging international community to stand as one and ensure greater success is achieved in containing the virus or even highlighting more the positive sides already realized in the efforts to contain the coronavirus. For example, while some Western media outlets are covered with screaming headlines of coronavirus in China whose death toll is about 304 with more than 14,411 infections as of February 2, few media outlets have made headlines about Center for Diseases Control and Prevention's report on January 31 that currently, 10,000 people have died and 180,000 people have been hospitalized because of flu in the US. Therefore, as people, no matter our political ideologies or even geographical borders, we face the same challenge when it comes to virus-related illnesses and other pandemics. Unless different governments and organizations work hand in hand, we risk seeing outbreaks that would otherwise be contained becoming epidemics and later pandemics. Therefore, it is in the interest of the world to see the coronavirus getting quickly contained to avoid further human and possible economic losses. And anything that hurts China, the second largest economy in the international community, like the coronavirus, hurts the world.
WS5e37865da310128217274573	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37865da310128217274573.html	2020-02-03	Science must and will control novel coronavirus	Over the years, on multiple occasions, Microsoft founder and leading philanthropist Bill Gates has warned about the danger of a killing epidemic. Echoing public health experts, Bill Gates believes an outbreak today similar to the 1918 influenza pandemic originated in Spain could kill some 33 million people within the first six months. It should be noted, though, such prediction does not come from any given health incident. Instead, the doomsday scenario is suggested by a computer-generated simulation based on historical data before modern science and medicine was available – only that the data has been scaled to match the world's current population. It's a given fact that new pathogens emerge all the time. Also, the world population continues to grow, and humanity is increasingly encroaching on wild environments. Thanks to rising interconnectivity and advancements of modern mobility, long-distance travel, and cross-border people-to-people contact are happening even more frequently. All these make it easier for the next major outbreak to spread even faster and become even deadlier. That said, from a theoretical and philosophical point of view, the next major outbreak is always looming as it threatens the survival and prosperity of humankind. While appreciating this fundamental truth, there is no reason to lose heart even though humankind has had to address multiple outbreaks in quick succession from SARS to MERS and to Ebola in recent memory. On the contrary, there is every good reason to believe that, building on all the experiences and lessons learned from past containment, mitigation, and treatment efforts, science must and will prevail over the next major outbreak. In the face of the latest coronavirus outbreak, the world is using good science to fight the new public health threat. First and foremost, containment has been resolutely implemented in China on a scale not seen in human history before. While declaring a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC), the World Health Organization (WHO) has spoken highly of China's intervention, including the containment effort that is the key to preventing wider spread. While scientific containment provides the basis of any further meaningful response for mitigation and treatment, recent scientific advancements are providing vital tools to turn the tide against the killing epidemics. For one, high throughput DNA sequencing is now more widely available. It is because of this scientific evolution that humankind has quickly decoded the full DNA sequencing of the novel coronavirus, which in turn simplifies and accelerates the diagnostic process. In the on-going fight against the novel coronavirus outbreak, good science also provides key support for other areas, such as researching new treatment methods, developing vaccines, and even discovering potential therapeutic effects in existing drugs used for other purposes. It's also important to note that, while providing the crucial hardware to fight the epidemics, the software side of science is equally important. For one, the general public should be able to make sense of scientific information and have a relative capacity in identifying fake science. In the fight against epidemics, health literacy is a must for personal empowerment. About 17 years ago, when SARS broke out in China, people rushed to purchase the isatis root, traditional Chinese medicine that had been falsely claimed to be able to kill the SARS virus. Stocks were quickly depleting, and drug store shelves quickly emptied. The isatis root episode provided a classical example of inadequate health literacy. Now 17 years later, regrettably, similar unreasonable buying of traditional medicine based on unsubstantiated health benefit claims was happening in China again amid the novel coronavirus outbreak, clearly showing the need for science to catch up on its software side. Also, crucially important on the software side of science is the art of coordination. To view the fight against epidemics as a complex intervention, coordination must take place to achieve cross-disciplinary cooperation, effective resource allocation, and international collaboration. Amid previous outbreaks, the world has learned a lot about coordination. It's worth mentioning that the African Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (African CDC) has pretty much been the product of an internationally coordinated response to the Ebola outbreak. The birth of the African CDC sends out a strong message that the international community can successfully work together to contain and defeat a major outbreak. As of the writing of this piece, the novel coronavirus outbreak is still raging. It's high time for science to rise up and defeat the killing outbreak again. And, for the hardware of science to prevail, good human spirits that can resist myths and sustain meaningful cooperation must prevail on the software side.
WS5e378310a310128217274551	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e378310a310128217274551.html	2020-02-03	Industry braces for impact of coronavirus outbreak	Volkswagen's booth at the 2019 Guangzhou auto show exhibits the pure electric vehicle e-Golf. [Photo by Li Fusheng/China Daily] Association head says tallies in first two months could be down 20 percent year-on-year China's auto production and sales may suffer if the coronavirus outbreak continues to spread across the country, said experts and company executives, but the scale of impact is too early to determine. Few people are visiting dealerships in recent days and production has been stalled as Chinese authorities have extended the Spring Festival holiday to curb the coronavirus that has infected more than 14,000 people and killed over 300 across the country. China's most popular international carmaker Volkswagen AG said on Sunday that its joint ventures with Jilin province-based FAW Group and Shanghai-headquartered SAIC Motor will follow the schedule of local governments and they will not restart production before Feb 10. BMW, Toyota and Ford said their plants will be closed until Feb 10 as well. Carmakers in Wuhan, capital of Hubei province and epicenter of the coronavirus, including Dongfeng's joint ventures with Renault, Honda and PSA, said no decision has been made on when production might resume. Hubei, especially Wuhan, is a manufacturing and transport hub. Last year, the province produced 2.24 million vehicles, accounting for nearly 9.9 percent of total production in the country, according to the China Passenger Car Association. Cui Dongshu, secretary-general of the association, said vehicle production in February will take a huge hit, and sales in China during the first two months of 2020 will fall by at least 20 percent year-on-year. But Cui said there will not be much negative effect in the long run. He noted the 2002-2003 SARS epidemic had little long-term impact on China's passenger car market, which saw sales surge 70 percent year-on-year in 2003. Shi Jianhua, deputy secretary-general of the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, said the market is much more developed than 17 years ago and less likely to rebound. But it should return to normal when the coronavirus is contained. The association estimated in December that China's auto market would fall by 2 percent year-on-year in 2020. It had fallen for two years in a row in 2018 and 2019. Joseph Massaro, CFO for auto technology supplier Aptiv, expected China's auto production in the first quarter to slide about 15 percent while full year production would fall 3 percent. BMW displays its all-new X4 M model at the Shanghai auto show last year. [Photo by Li Fusheng/China Daily] Massaro made the remark in an earnings conference call on Thursday, but he said delayed production could be made up in the second quarter. "We don't view this as a full-year issue at the moment," he said. German auto supplier Bosch has 23 automotive manufacturing facilities in China and two in Wuhan. All of them are closed during the extended Spring Festival holiday. "We're monitoring how the situation develops to see if production might be down for longer," CEO Volkmar Denner told reporters on Tuesday in Stuttgart, Germany. "We're concerned." Tesla Inc is expecting a seven to 10-day delay in the ramp-up of the Model 3, which is being built at a recently launched Shanghai plant, according to CFO Zach Kirkhorn. Kirkhorn discussed the impact of the disease on Tesla's operations in China during the company's fourth-quarter earnings call on Wednesday. "We are also in the early stages of understanding if and to what extent we may be temporarily impacted by the coronavirus," he said. Kirkhorn added the virus may slightly impact profitability in the first quarter. The outbreak could also hit profits at Jaguar and Land Rover, parent company Tata Motors warned on Thursday. The epidemic is raising concerns that thousands of Chinese factory workers may struggle to get back to work next week because of extensive travel restrictions. The Indian carmaker said the outbreak could impact its profit margin forecast of about 3 percent for the JLR unit in fiscal 2020, at a time when it was making progress on a turnaround plan to improve sales in China. Canadian supplier Magna International said it is taking several precautions, including lengthened plant closures at its China-based facilities. Magna operates 68 facilities in China, including those used for manufacturing and engineering. The facilities combine to employ nearly 19,000 people. Two of the company's facilities are in Wuhan. "Magna is closely monitoring all available information from the World Health Organization, the Center for Disease Control as well as public health authorities in various countries, inside and outside of China," Magna spokeswoman Tracy Fuerst wrote in a statement. "Our internal health and safety team is coordinating information and resources related to the outbreak, with our primary focus on the wellbeing of our employees." Reuters contributed to the story.
WS5e37815ea310128217274542	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e37815ea310128217274542.html	2020-02-03	Chinese athletes train in isolation amid coronavirus outbreak	BEIJING - Ahead of the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games, China's athletes are training behind closed doors amid the current coronavirus outbreak, a senior sports official told Xinhua on Sunday. "They are training in behind-closed-doors camps in various domestic and overseas cities in preparation for the Olympic Games and qualifying tournaments," said Liu Guoyong, vice president of the Chinese Olympic Committee (COC). "Up until now, no athlete from the national team has reported to be or is suspected of being infected with the virus," he stressed. "We will do our best to prevent all athletes from becoming infected." Liu revealed that special arrangements for accommodation, transportation and training have been made to protect athletes and coaching staff from contracting the virus. "There will be over 100 Olympic qualifying tournaments around the world between February and April. Hopefully the Chinese athletes can prepare well and claim more Olympic berths," said Liu. The COC has been in close contact with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) regarding the participation of Chinese athletes in Olympic qualifying events, according to Liu. "The IOC has asked various international sports federations to provide all possible assistance and convenience to Chinese athletes," he said. IOC president Thomas Bach said earlier that he fully supports, highly appreciates and respects the efforts made by the Chinese people, and that the Chinese people are fighting the epidemic in a proactive and orderly way. Liu also said that overseas coaching staff working with Chinese national teams were being given as much help and assistance as possible. "Our staff have very good communication with the foreign coaches working with the national teams, updating them with the latest anti-virus news and offering assistance in their daily lives. They are doing well," he said. Various sporting events, including the Chinese National Winter Games, the Chinese Basketball Association League and football's Chinese Super League have been postponed, relocated or canceled outright since the outbreak first emerged in December. "We will keep a close eye on the development of the situation to decide when sporting events can be resumed," Liu said.
WS5e377ce0a3101282172744ef	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e377ce0a3101282172744ef.html	2020-02-03	Chinese hospitals discharge 475 recovered patients of coronavirus infection	Staff members record residents' reservation information of masks inside a residential area of East China's Shanghai, Feb 2, 2020. Various measures have been taken for epidemic prevention efforts across China. [Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING -- A total of 475 patients infected with the novel coronavirus had been discharged from hospital after recovery by the end of Sunday, Chinese health authorities announced Monday. Sunday saw 147 people walk out of the hospital after recovery (80 in Hubei), the National Health Commission (NHC) said in its daily report. By the end of Sunday, a total of 361 people had died of the disease and 17,205 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection had been reported in 31 provincial-level regions and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps in China.
WS5e377cc7a3101282172744eb	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e377cc7a3101282172744eb.html	2020-02-03	Shanghai adds 11 new coronavirus cases, total at 193	Shanghai announced on Monday that 11 new infection cases of the novel coronavirus were confirmed between 12 pm and midnight on the previous day, taking the total confirmed cases in the municipality to 193 by midnight Sunday. Two of the newly confirmed patients were from Wuhan city, Central China's Hubei province, the epicenter, and the rest are residents of the municipality, the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission said. The confirmed patients in Shanghai range from age seven to 88. Seventy-six are from outcside of Shanghai and 117 are the city's residents. Altogether 113 of the cases had lived or traveled to Wuhan recently, and 70 had close contact with those confirmed patients previously. Altogether 170 of the patients are in stable health condition, while seven are in critical and another five in severe condition. Altogether 10 patients have been cured of the disease and discharged from hospital, and one died. The commission said that 449 suspected cases have been excluded in Shanghai and 173 such cases are still under medical quarantine and observation.
WS5e3776a9a3101282172744b5	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e3776a9a3101282172744b5.html	2020-02-03	Fight against coronavirus	 
WS5e377519a310a2fabb7a1de5	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e377519a310a2fabb7a1de5.html	2020-02-03	Fight against coronavirus is a call to arms for all	As most of the people infected with the novel coronavirus are in China, the world's vigilance toward Chinese people is understandable. In the same way, the nation is on alert to those from Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak of the virus. But when that vigilance goes too far and becomes racism overseas and discrimination at home, it will be counterproductive to the fight against the virus. Although the virus has infected about 15,000 people and killed at least 300 people as of Sunday－with most of the infections and all the dead in China－there is no doubt that the fight should be an international campaign. And it should be realized that China has already made great contributions to the global battle against the virus. The administrative and industrial systems nationwide have been mobilized and people throughout the nation are playing their part in the fight against the novel coronavirus by quarantining themselves. Those in Hubei especially deserve praise for trying their best to keep the virus contained within the province. Although it is necessary to closely monitor the physical conditions of those who traveled from China, and Hubei in particular, before it was known that there was a public health risk, instead of viewing them as threats, they deserve support, care and understanding at this moment. That's why thousands of doctors and nurses from elsewhere in the country have volunteered to go to Wuhan, capital of the province, where more than half of the infected cases and the majority of deaths are, to fight against the virus shoulder to shoulder with locals. That's why 7,000 people have worked day and night to build a 1,000-bed field hospital covering 60,000 square meters from scratch in just 10 days. The builders knew that every second counted; that the earlier it opened, the more lives would be saved. The hospital was put into operation as soon as it was completed on Sunday. And that's why Chinese people sincerely appreciate the material assistance and moral support provided by various countries. Those countries and regions now in the same trench should demonstrate the same efficiency and resolve that China has, and support China's efforts while taking all necessary measures themselves. As the World Health Organization has stressed there is no reason to restrict travel and trade, countries and regions should heed China's experience in dealing with the virus. It is essential to maintain transparency and release information to the public in a timely manner, so as to prevent panic. The battle against the virus will be won, if we all fight it together.  
WS5e3924a4a310128217274cbf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e3924a4a310128217274cbf.html	2020-02-03	Premier Li Keqiang Chairs Meeting of the Central Leading GroupOn Responding to the Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia Outbreak (Excerpt)	On 2 February, Li Keqiang, Member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Premier of the State Council, and head of the Central Leading Group on Responding to the Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia Outbreak, chaired a meeting of the leading group. The meeting made plans for flexible working hours in some affected provinces to further enhance epidemic control and called for ensuring market supply and intensifying support in medical supplies for Hubei Province, especially Wuhan and key surrounding areas. It was pointed out at the meeting that in keeping with the leading group's instructions, the State Council has approved the plan of certain provinces to implement flexible work arrangements in light of local epidemic control needs while ensuring the timely return of employees in the companies and projects involved in epidemic control, public utilities, people's essential needs and other areas that are vital for economic development and people's livelihood. The meeting urged steady supply of goods for epidemic control and daily necessities across the country. Local authorities are required to keep timely and accurate track of epidemic control supplies, including medicines, protective items and disinfectant products. Robust measures must be taken to support companies in resuming early production, operating in full gear, and expanding manufacturing capacity. The people's needs for daily necessities must be adequately met, and prompt efforts must be made for the early resumption of activity at key enterprises in grain and edible oil production, food processing and energy supply. Green channels will be opened for the supply of key goods, and coal, grains and vegetables will be shipped on a priority basis. The meeting asked all sub-national governments and competent departments to assume responsibility for epidemic control in their own jurisdictions and areas of work and to see that each and every level of administration perform their duties effectively. It is crucial to remain open and transparent, and do a better job with early detection, reporting, quarantine and treatment to win a decisive victory in the battle against the epidemic.
WS5e3924a4a310128217274cbe	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/03/WS5e3924a4a310128217274cbe.html	2020-02-03	UNWTO: Chinese Government Has Acted Swiftly and Decisively Against Novel Coronavirus Outbreak	The World Tourism Organization (UNWTO), headquartered in Madrid, said in a recent statement that the Chinese government acted "swiftly and decisively" against the novel coronavirus outbreak and expressed its solidarity with the people and government of China and its tourism sector at these challenging times. In the statement, the UNWTO commends China as a true global tourism leader in recent years and concludes that tourism will offer a valuable lifeline as China recovers and rebuilds from this setback, just as the sector has proven its resilience many times before. The statement points out the vital importance that the cooperation of the tourism sector will have in stopping the spread of the virus and limiting its impact on people and communities. It says that tourists also have a responsibility to inform themselves before they travel and should follow the recommendations of the WHO and their own national health authorities. The statement says that the UNWTO is closely monitoring developments related to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, and that it is too early to fully estimate the impacts this outbreak will have.
WS5e36f1dba31012821727438a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36f1dba31012821727438a.html	2020-02-02	Vaccine work on novel coronavirus advances	[Photo/VCG] The development of vaccines for the novel coronavirus is making progress after its infection model on primates has been established. Also, two chemical compounds have been proven to be effective in restraining the activity of the virus, which will speed up the process of developing drugs to fight the outbreak, science and technology officials of Hubei province said. The province, at the epicenter of the outbreak, has launched emergency research and development projects that aim to increase the cure rate and reduce the motility rate, Xiao Juhua, deputy governor of Hubei, said at a news conference in the provincial capital of Wuhan on Sunday night. Two diagnostic kits for the antibody of novel coronavirus jointly developed by the Wuhan Institute of Virology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a biopharmaceutical company are in production and soon will be released to the market, according to Wang Wei, a leading official of the Hubei Department of Science and Technology. "The kits are easy to operate and can protect the users from getting infected," Wang said. Meanwhile, two diagnostic kits for virus and a testing system developed by the biopharmaceutical companies in Hubei were approved by the National Medical Products Administration on Jan 26, Wang added. "Also, teams at the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University have optimized the procedure of extracting the nucleic acid of the virus, which has helped cut the diagnosis time by half. The fastest diagnose time is only two hours," Wang said Besides making faster diagnoses, the experts have also been working hard to develop vaccines and drugs to fight the virus. "The animal experiments of having primates infected with the virus from rodents and ferrets have been carried out, and the infection model on primates has been established. This will further support the development of vaccines," Wang said. "Also, two chemical compounds have been proven to be effective in restraining the activity of the virus, which will speed up the process of developing drugs to treat patients." Zhang Dingyu, president of Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital, said at the news conference that the hospital was the first to use lopinavir/ritonavir, which is sold under the brand name Kaletra and a medication for the treatment and prevention of HIV/AIDS, to treat patients with the novel coronavirus. "It seems that Kaletra is effective on patients with early symptoms. It can help prevent the disease from getting severe and life threatening, but we still need stronger evidence," said Zhang, adding that he's noticed that Kaletra is seen as a cure for the novel coronavirus on the internet. Zhang warned people that the side effects of Kaletra include gastrointestinal discomfort, allergy and hepatic damage.
WS5e36ddafa310128217274381	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36ddafa310128217274381.html	2020-02-02	Zhong Nanshan amends prediction for coronavirus peak	Chinese renowned respiratory scientist Zhong Nanshan receives an interview with Xinhua in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong province, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The novel coronavirus outbreak may reach its peak in the next 10 to 14 days, Zhong Nanshan, a leading expert tackling the virus, said on Sunday, amending his previous prediction on Jan 28 that the epidemic would peak in seven or 10 days. Zhong, also an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, said current research has shown the virus originated from bats, but whether there are more intermediate carriers between bats and humans requires further investigation. Although there is no effective cure yet, there are at least seven drugs targeting the virus' genetic material going through various stages of clinical trials, he told Xinhua News Agency. A vaccine is also in the works, though it requires more time to reach clinical application. "We have learned from the successful therapy of SARS and established a set of effective treatment plans," he said. "And with the help of various life-support measures we have ensured the recovery success rate of patients." Based on available information, the medium age of the infected patient is around 59, and 56 percent of all patients are male, he said. The average incubation period of the virus is around five days, with fever being the most common symptom of the virus. There have been a few reported cases of infected patients that showed no obvious symptoms, but they are in the minority and the bulk of preventive efforts should focus on the majority of patients, he said. Zhong stressed the most effective preventive measures are still early detection and quarantine. “The epidemic is still at its growing phase, but we believe it won't lead to a massive nationwide pandemic, only regional ones if they occur." Prolonging the Spring Festival holidays, controlling traffic, temperature checks and education as well as other government measures have effectively cut off the source of infection and greatly reduced the spread of the virus, he said. "We believe the epidemic will peak in the next 10 to 14 days, but we still need to enhance preventive measures and not lower our guard," he said, adding there are many challenges in the current effort. The first is that the outbreak occurs in concentrated areas, stretching local medical resources thin. This situation may improve in the near future, as Wuhan is building two dedicated hospitals and medical personnel and equipment are pouring in from around the country. The second issue is how to differentiate between patients with the common flu and those infected with coronavirus, which can be a tricky task since both illnesses share symptoms. Local hospitals should improve their diagnostic capabilities to relieve some of the workload from hospitals designated to treat the virus, he said. The third issue is how to optimize management and resource allocation to better protect hospitals and medical staff working on the frontline from infections. Zhong said scientists still know relatively little about the novel coronavirus, and he urged them to speed up their research to help tackle the epidemic. "The SARS epidemic 17 years ago lasted nearly six months, since then we have made considerable progress in preventing and controlling major infectious diseases, so we have the confidence to effectively curb today's outbreak."
WS5e36d0bea310128217274373	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36d0bea310128217274373.html	2020-02-02	Fight against coronavirus is a call to arms for all: China Daily editorial	A medical worker gives a patient medical treatment in the ICU (intensive care unit) in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] As most of the people infected with the novel coronavirus are in China, the world's vigilance toward Chinese people is understandable. In the same way, the nation is on alert to those from Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak of the virus. But when that vigilance goes too far and becomes racism overseas and discrimination at home, it will be counterproductive to the fight against the virus. Although the virus has infected about 15,000 people and killed at least 300 people as of Sunday — with most of the infections and all the dead in China — there is no doubt that the fight should be an international campaign. And it should be realized that China has already made great contributions to the global battle against the virus. The administrative and industrial systems nationwide have been mobilized and people throughout the nation are playing their part in the fight against the novel coronavirus by quarantining themselves. Those in Hubei especially deserve praise for trying their best to keep the virus contained within the province. Although it is necessary to closely monitor the physical conditions of those who traveled from China, and Hubei in particular, before it was known that there was a public health risk, instead of viewing them as threats, they deserve support, care and understanding at this moment. That's why thousands of doctors and nurses from elsewhere in the country have volunteered to go to Wuhan, capital of the province, where more than half of the infected cases and the majority of deaths are, to fight against the virus shoulder to shoulder with locals. That's why 7,000 people have worked day and night to build a 1,000-bed field hospital covering 60,000 square meters from scratch in just 10 days. The builders knew that every second counted; that the earlier it opened, the more lives would be saved. The hospital was put into operation as soon as it was completed on Sunday. And that's why Chinese people sincerely appreciate the material assistance and moral support provided by various countries. Those countries and regions now in the same trench should demonstrate the same efficiency and resolve that China has, and support China's efforts while taking all necessary measures themselves. As the World Health Organization has stressed there is no reason to restrict travel and trade, countries and regions should heed China's experience in dealing with the virus. It is essential to maintain transparency and release information to the public in a timely manner, so as to prevent panic. The battle against the virus will be won, if we all fight it together.
WS5e36c08ba310128217274349	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36c08ba310128217274349.html	2020-02-02	Shenzhen confirms community transmission coronavirus cases	Shenzhen has confirmed 207 novel coronavirus cases as of Sunday at noon, and epidemiological investigation for three of them is still underway. Experts suspect the three cases were community transmissions. Among the three was a delivery man working until onset of the virus, who had no clear record of contact with infected persons; a woman who refused to cooperate with the epidemiological investigation, and another woman who had visited restaurants and a gym. The three did have some things in common. None left Shenzhen over 14 days, the longest incubation period of the virus, before being diagnosed. They had not been to affected areas, nor had close contact with infected people or those suspected to be infected. The Shenzhen Center for Disease Control and Prevention announced the three cases are scattered, and warned that during the transmission of infectious diseases it is common for community transmission to occur. Experts also stressed the importance of wearing masks, avoiding crowded places and washing hands frequently and correctly.
WS5e36be43a310128217274345	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36be43a310128217274345.html	2020-02-02	Foreign Ministry to hold daily WeChat briefings on coronavirus	The Chinese Foreign Ministry will hold daily news briefings online starting Monday due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China. At this special period, the spokesperson will answer questions from Chinese as well as foreign journalists through WeChat at 3 pm every working day, according to a statement from the official WeChat account of the spokesperson’s office of the ministry. The foreign ministry shoulders the responsibility to show China's progress in fighting against the epidemic and release relevant information, the office said. The ministry will spare no effort to build international consensus on combating the epidemic, it added.
WS5e3a11c4a310128217274eec	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e3a11c4a310128217274eec.html	2020-02-02	Zhong Nanshan answers coronavirus questions of top concern	Zhong Nanshan in this file photo. [Photo/Xinhua] Renowned Chinese respiratory expert Zhong Nanshan shared his views on recent concerns about the novel coronavirus outbreak in interviews with Nanfang Daily and China Central Television on Sunday. Q: Does the novel coronavirus have fecal-oral transmission? What should people be careful about? A: The novel coronavirus is likely to spread by fecal-oral transmission. The issue should be taken very seriously, because the virus has been found in fecal samples of infected patients. We should be highly alert about the fact the virus can spread through fecal matter. In some places of Hubei and Jiangxi provinces, people have a habit of using chamber pots as toilets and washing them in fish ponds, which indeed needs attention. Further research and surveying should be done to see how many patients have feces with the virus. Based on preliminary understanding, the virus hasn’t been detected in patients' urine. Q: How does the development of the epidemic go so far? A: So far, the confirmed cases are mainly from Wuhan. I haven't looked at the data this morning. The data yesterday showed Wuhan was still the major place of the outbreak. As a result, I think the central government’s decision of putting Wuhan into lockdown is right. It seems there is no obvious outbreak in places other than Wuhan. Q: What do you think of the surge in the number of confirmed cases? A: The number is rising now and the rising trend will continue for some time, but I'm sure it won't be long. Q: The peak of people’s return trips is coming soon. Anything people should pay special attention to? A: I have said before people who will return to Wuhan will not be a problem, because they haven’t been infected before. More than 10 days have passed, so the incubation stage of potential patients is almost over. People who are infectious have already been in treatment in local hospitals, and the others who are OK now will stay fine. However, those who leave Wuhan for other places should be closely watched. Q: What should we pay attention to in the prevention and control of the disease in communities? A: The prevention and control work in communities is very important. People living in a community can keep an eye on each other on many issues, including wearing masks, which to some extent plays a decisive role in prevention and control of the virus.
WS5e36b2b7a31012821727432e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36b2b7a31012821727432e.html	2020-02-02	Coronavirus conspiracy debunked by Wuhan researcher	Photo/Agencies A scientist from the Wuhan Institute of Virology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has debunked a recent conspiracy which claimed the novel coronavirus was manufactured and escaped from the institute’s most advanced biocontainment facility. Shi Zhengli, a researcher from the institute, said on her social media on Sunday the virus was the result of "nature punishing the uncivilized habits and customs of humans", and she is willing to "bet my life that [the outbreak] has nothing to do with the lab." Shi was the leading scientist who made the discovery the novel coronavirus can enter cells through ACE2 receptors and may have originated from bats. Her comments came after Indian scientists recently published a non-peer reviewed paper suggesting scientists had artificially inserted genes from the HIV virus into the coronavirus, thus making it susceptible to anti-HIV treatments. The paper was immediately panned by experts around the world and retracted from biology journal server bioRxiv on Sunday. In a Twitter post commenting on the paper, David Liu, a chemistry professor from Harvard University, said: "The mere claim that such short inserts support nCoV origins ‘unlikely to be fortuitous in nature’ is already highly suspect." "This is a classic case of searching for lost keys only under a lamppost," he said. "A fearful world does not need to fuel conspiracy theories with bad analyses." However, the Indian article was widely cited by conspiracy media outlets as proof Chinese scientists had engineered the virus and it escaped from the institute’s biosafety level-IV laboratory, a facility with the highest biohazard precaution standards designed to contain and study the world’s most dangerous pathogens, including Ebola, small pox, Lassa fever and Marburg virus. The conspiracy began in late January when British tabloid the Daily Mail and US conservative newspaper the Washington Times published articles claiming the recent outbreak could be the accidental result of secret biological weapons research in China. Though the articles did not provide any evidence, the conspiracy quickly went viral on social media, prompting media outlets from the BBC to Foreign Policy to debunk the fringe theory. On Jan 28, the Chinese embassy to Italy said in a statement the conspiracy is baseless and false reporting. "China will continue to maintain an open, transparent and highly responsible attitude when publishing information regarding the outbreak," it said. "While strengthening outbreak prevention and control, China will continue to deepen international cooperation and tackle the disease together with the international community, and jointly maintain the safety and health of the region and the world."
WS5e36ab70a310128217274329	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36ab70a310128217274329.html	2020-02-02	Commanding China's fight against novel coronavirus outbreak	An aerial view of Huoshenshan, a makeshift hospital specializing in novel coronavirus treatment, in Wuhan, Feb 2, 2020. [Photo by Shi Yi/China Daily] BEIJING - A new hospital built in just ten days in a Chinese city hit hardest by the novel coronavirus outbreak will soon start operation. Approved by Chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping, 1,400 medical staff from the armed forces are tasked with treating patients in the 1,000-bed Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan starting from Monday. This is the latest development in the Chinese people's critical battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak, with the number of cumulative confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland reaching 14,380 by the end of Saturday. Commanding this fight is President Xi Jinping, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee. Under Xi's leadership, China has taken unprecedented measures to contain the outbreak, pooling national medical personnel and supplies to the hardest hit regions, building new hospitals, extending the Chinese Lunar New Year holiday, postponing the opening dates for schools and businesses, and imposing travel restrictions. The nation is currently experiencing a peak period of confirmed cases. With prevention and control measures in place, the number of future infections will be significantly reduced, said Li Lanjuan, a renowned Chinese epidemiologist. World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said China's measures are not only protecting its people, but also protecting the people in the whole world. President Xi's personal guidance and deployment show his great leadership capability, Tedros said. Top priority  Over the past few weeks, Xi has called multiple meetings, heard reports and made important instructions on the prevention and control work. The message is crystal clear: people always come first. Before the Chinese Lunar New Year, as the epidemic spread, Xi ordered resolute efforts to curb the spread, stressing people's lives and health as the top priority. On Jan 25, the first day of the Chinese Lunar New Year, Xi chaired a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee. He reiterated putting people's lives and health as the top priority and ordered Party committees and governments at all levels to take novel coronavirus outbreak prevention and control as the most important task. On Jan 27, in an instruction to Party organizations, members and officials, Xi asked them to keep in mind that the people's interests are the highest priority in the current arduous battle. Xi said in an instruction to the military that the epidemic prevention and control remained grim and complex and demanded the armed forces shoulder their responsibility, fight the hard battle and actively assist local authorities in fighting the epidemic. Unified command, joint efforts Following a unified command and pooling together efforts from all sectors are key to China's battle against the novel coronavirus outbreak. At the Jan 25 meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, a central leading group was set up to form a unified command to oversee the prevention and control work in different localities. In the Jan 27 instruction, Xi asked Party organizations, officials and members to unite the people in resolutely implementing the decisions and arrangements of the CPC Central Committee, to let the Party flag "fly high at the frontline of the battleground." On Jan 28, Xi told Tedros that China has full confidence and capability to win the battle against the virus with concerted efforts, scientific containment and targeted policies under the strong leadership of the CPC. The joint task mechanism was repeatedly stressed. It would help fortify a strong defense against the outbreak by mass participation, according to Xi. International cooperation As the virus is highly contagious, the entire world is looking to China's prevention and control efforts. Xi has stressed releasing information in a timely manner and deepening international cooperation. The Jan 25 meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee underscored the timely, accurate and transparent release of information to address concerns from home and abroad. Xi told Tedros that China attaches great importance to the cooperation with the WHO. China is ready to work with the WHO as well as the international community to safeguard regional and global public health security, Xi said.
WS5e369ceba310128217274325	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e369ceba310128217274325.html	2020-02-02	Two family cases of coronavirus reported in Harbin	A medical worker checks a driver's temperature, amid the novel coronavirus outbreak, in Harbin, Northeast China’s Heilongjiang province, Feb 1, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Two novel coronavirus infections in family clusters were reported in Harbin, capital city of Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, on Saturday. A college student and his four family members contracted the virus on Jan 30 after a family gathering. The four includes his two grandparents, father and cousin. The student was infected after a dinner with his former classmate, who returned home from a university in Wuhan, Hubei province on Jan 18. He then joined a family gathering on Jan 24 with the other eight family members together. Another family infection also happened during a family gathering. On Jan 24, a woman surnamed Lyv joined her family gathering with her husband, mother, son, daughter and two grandchildren in Harbin. Three days later, Lyv, her husband and son drove to Lanxi county in Suihua city for another family gathering that brought 10 people together. Lyv developed symptoms on Jan 27 and was confirmed to have the novel coronavirus on Jan 30. Her husband and granddaughter were later infected, and her mother, son, daughter and grandson have been classified as suspected cases. "Now the situation in our province is still very serious, we must continue to strengthen the prevention and control," said Zhang Qingwei, Party secretary of Heilongjiang province. "If civil servants are found to have joined in any gathering, they will be dismissed, and leading cadres in will be removed from their posts immediately in the same case." As of Sunday morning, Heilongjiang had confirmed a total of 95 cases of novel coronavirus, including 13 severe cases and two deaths.
WS5e369581a310128217274315	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e369581a310128217274315.html	2020-02-02	Everyone has a part to play in coronavirus fight	 
WS5e369520a310128217274311	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e369520a310128217274311.html	2020-02-02	Shanghai adds five new coronavirus cases	Five new cases of novel coronavirus were confirmed in Shanghai during the 12 hours between midnight Saturday and noon on Sunday, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the city up to 182, the Shanghai Health Commission reported. All the five confirmed infected are local Shanghai residents, with one under intensive care. The Shanghai municipal health authority said 15 suspected cases were resolved to be negative during the same period, for a total of 389 cases eliminated so far. There are currently 220 people under medical quarantine and observation.
WS5e3691cba31012821727430b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e3691cba31012821727430b.html	2020-02-02	Six novel coronavirus patients cured in Jiangsu	A worker inspects the newly produced disinfectants in Jinhu county, Jiangsu province, Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Six confirmed novel coronavirus patients were cured and discharged from hospitals in East China's Jiangsu province by Saturday afternoon. The sixth patient, surnamed Ma, had lived in Wuhan for 20 years and came to Huaian city on Jan 19. He coughed and had a fever on Jan 20 and was hospitalized on Jan 23. The other five patients had been discharged by hospitals in Nanjing, Suzhou and Lianyungang. Jiangsu reported 34 new novel coronavirus cases as of midnight on Feb 1, bringing the total number to 236. The province has traced 3,992 close contacts of the patients and put 3,776 under medical observation.
WS5e3690aea310128217274304	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e3690aea310128217274304.html	2020-02-02	Coronavirus drug to begin clinical trials	A medical worker gives a patient medical treatment in the ICU (intensive care unit) in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 24, 2020. [ Photo/Xinhua] The China-Japan Friendship Hospital in Beijing will begin clinical trials on 270 mildly and moderately ill patients infected with the novel coronavirus using an experimental drug from the United States claimed to have successfully treated a case in the US. The Phase III clinical trial will run from Feb 3 to April 27. It is administered by doctor Cao Bin from the Beijing hospital and the trial will be carried out in Wuhan, Hubei province, epicenter of the outbreak, the hospital said in an online statement on Sunday. The drug in trial is called remdesivir, developed by US biotech company Gilead Sciences. The medicine was given to the first US case, a 35-year old man who tested positive for the virus, whose pneumonia symptoms appeared to improve within a day with no obvious side effects after the drug was administered, according to a paper published in the New England Journal of Medicine last week. The drugmaker said in an online statement on Friday the drug is "not yet licensed or approved anywhere globally and has not been demonstrated to be safe or effective for any use". However, the drug was approved for use on compassionate grounds and the request of physicians, it added. At the same time, the company said it is working with health authorities in China to establish a clinical trial to determine whether remdesivir can safely and effectively be used to treat the coronavirus. The Center for Drug Evaluation of the National Medical Products Administration in China has received and approved the application on Sunday to carry out the experiment, according to its official website.
WS5e368e37a310128217274300	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e368e37a310128217274300.html	2020-02-02	Coronavirus infections in Zhejiang expected to recede soon	A medical staff member walks out of the quarantine area at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University's School of Medicine in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The novel coronavirus epidemic situation in East China's Zhejiang province is expected to recede, a top health official in Zhejiang said on Sunday. Sun Liming, deputy director of the provincial health commission, said with all the control and prevention measures in place, and most homecoming residents from Hubei before the Spring Festival passing their disease incubation period, the rapid rising in the number of novel coronavirus cases in the province will be kept under control, with its peak gradually falling after Feb 8, Lantern Festival. Within the province, 21 counties have reported no new cases for three consecutive days, and 50 counties reported no new cases on Saturday, accounting for over half of the total so far. The province has 90 counties, or county-level areas. Zhejiang is the second most severely-hit area, next to Hubei. The province has so far reported 661 confirmed cases, with 23 cured and discharged from hospitals.
WS5e3681e2a3101282172742ec	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e3681e2a3101282172742ec.html	2020-02-02	207 exposed to novel coronavirus transferred to Tianjin central quarantine	A massive effort in Tianjin to transfer quarantined people who were colleagues of confirmed cases of novel coronavirus from the passenger transport section of Tianjin bullet trains was completed late Saturday. A total of 207 colleagues who had close contact with people with confirmed cases of novel coronavirus and were quarantined in the closed control area of the passenger transport section of Tianjin bullet trains since Jan 22 have been transferred to central quarantine areas in hospitals at Xiqing, Wuqing, Hedong and Hebei districts. The transfer took place from Friday evening to midnight Saturday. Among them, 41 were from the red area, where there was a workshop with close contact with the confirmed cases, and 166 were from the yellow area, a construction site in the section, where a construction project was underway before Jan 21. "The transfer and the quarantine measures are carried out for the health and safety of all citizens in Tianjin and for the needs of epidemic prevention and control. We've made the utmost determination and efforts to control risks to the minimum at all costs," Han Jinyan, director of the disease prevention division of the Tianjin Health Commission, said. According to the person in charge of central quarantines, careful preparations have been made in these areas to ensure that each person is isolated from any other person and has a separated toilet. As the overall plan is implemented, various details are carefully considered, such as no carpets in all rooms, and the air conditioning and ventilation systems in all areas must meet standards, she said. In addition, the temperature of every person under quarantine is checked twice a day. Catering, psychological counseling and protective measures, such as preventing other people from entering the quarantined area, also are in place. Isolation belts are set up, strict disinfection is conducted and other protective measures are implemented in every quarantine area. Statistics indicated that since Jan 21, within the passenger transport section of Tianjin bullet trains, 14 cases, including workers and some of their relatives, have been confirmed as pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus. The second case in Tianjin was a person working in the section who had been to Wuhan for business. And the fifth, sixth, eighth, 17th, 20th, 22nd and 28th confirmed cases were also colleagues in the section. In addition, the 11th confirmed patient was a relative of the sixth. The 12th, 13th and 16th patients were relatives of the fifth; the 33rd patient is a relative of the 17th; and the 35th patient is a relative of the 20th, according to Jinyun news. In addition to the previous campaign, a total of 238 people under home quarantine who were working in the passenger section, not in the yellow and red zones, and who were quarantined previously at the section have been transferred to the central quarantine areas in pinpointed hotels in Hedong and Hebei districts. None of the above people have fever symptoms at present. The transfer was finished by midnight on Saturday. In addition, a total of 259 remaining staff members at the passenger transport section of the Tianjin bullet trains, who have been staying home for quarantine, are still under medical observation at home. The disease control departments of their affiliates are carrying out stricter quarantine measures with them.
WS5e36704ba3101282172742c1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e36704ba3101282172742c1.html	2020-02-02	Volunteers sew masks for fight against novel coronavirus outbreak	More than 30 volunteers organized by the village Party committee have signed up to help manufacture gauze masks, ethanol and sterilizing powder at a factory in Southwest China's Yunnan province to help arm the fight against the novel coronavirus. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] More than 30 volunteers organized by the village Party committee  are participating in a group effort to manufacture gauze masks, ethanol and sterilizing powder at a factory in Southwest China's Yunnan province to help arm the fight against the novel coronavirus. Some villagers also have donated their sewing machines for the production work at Yunnan Xiangshan Medical Material Co in Mingyihe village, Anning city. Volunteers mobilized to address the labor shortage during the Spring Festival holiday at the factory, which resumed production on Friday. More than 30 volunteers organized by the village Party committee have joined in the manufacture of gauze masks, ethanol and sterilizing powder at a factory in Southwest China's Yunnan province to help arm the fight against the novel coronavirus. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] They received body temperature checks and training before work started, with volunteers capable of using the sewing machines being more than 50 years old, on average. Seventy-nine-year-old Chu Shudong, who had 30 years of tailoring experience, volunteered to repair the sewing machines. "I've not done tailoring for 20 years. I'm old and my eyes are weak. I hope to do my best here and make more masks so that people are protected," he said. More than 30 volunteers organized by the village Party committee have signed on to manufacture gauze masks, ethanol and sterilizing powder at a factory in Southwest China's Yunnan province to help arm the fight against the novel coronavirus. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The youngest volunteer, 22-year-old Bi Qiling, joined the team. She's available because the new semester at her university in Beijing was delayed because of the novel coronavirus outbreak. "With the volunteers, our production capacity is higher. We have 65 people and work on two shifts," said Zhang Kaijin, head of the factory. The factory is capable of producing two tons of ethanol and 200 kilometers of sterilizing powder every day. It sends its production information to the city government on a daily basis, and the products are all allocated by the government.
WS5e366cb4a3101282172742b8	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e366cb4a3101282172742b8.html	2020-02-02	Robots, intelligent medical care respond to coronavirus outbreak	Robots and intelligent medical care solutions have earned their spurs as the entire nation combats novel coronavirus pneumonia. To date, Shanghai TMiRob Technology Co Ltd has delivered 10 intelligent disinfection robots to the six hospitals in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. The machines also are present at hospitals in Shanghai and Wenzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, working around the clock. As TMiRob noted, the robot can move around on its own and deliver intensive disinfection services in areas where patients and medical workers frequent. The robot can operate automatically, so it can minimize a person's extra exposure in a hospital environment. Similarly, the automatically mobile disinfection robot made by Shanghai Lingzhi Technology Co Ltd has started its clinical application in hospitals in Wuhan and Shanghai to fight against the novel coronavirus. As explained by the company's general manager Zhang Kejun, the robot features an internal disinfection system that can release disinfection gas. The machine can autonomously navigate and replace human workers to complete disinfection jobs in epidemic areas. A robot can carry a maximum 1,500 milliliters of disinfectant, providing three hours of nonstop work each time. Likewise, the virtual assistant developed by Shanghai Udesk Co Ltd has been used in Putuo district of northwestern Shanghai to provide epidemic screening services. The virtual assistant can answer 200 phone calls in five minutes and provide results simultaneously. It can gather a target person's identification information, recent contacts and symptoms. With the information confirmed, the virtual assistant will classify the data and come up with statistical results instantly. Such a job will usually take four hours for human workers to finish.
WS5e365f03a31012821727429b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e365f03a31012821727429b.html	2020-02-02	Canada won't declare national emergency over coronavirus	Canada's Minister of Health Patty Hajdu speaks during Question Period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada January 27, 2020. While the US declared a public health emergency Friday in response to the coronavirus, which has sickened nearly 10,000 people worldwide, Canada Health Minister Patty Hajdu however said Canada is not ready to declare a national emergency over the coronavirus outbreak. Hajdu told CBC Friday that the current evidence doesn't justify such a declaration — or restrictions on the movement of foreign nationals into the country like the ones the United States imposed. "We're comfortable that we're completely up to date in terms of our approach and what the science says. There is a very low risk to Canadians," said Hajdu. "Obviously, it is low because travel to and from the affected region is becoming more difficult. And of course, we have a very sophisticated system here in Canada." Health Canada maintains there is no evidence that the virus can be transmitted by people who are asymptomatic — who have no symptoms — despite a German report suggesting otherwise, according to her. Hajdu said she "can't speculate" about why the US chose this route when being asked why Canada is taking a different approach. "We've been following closely the recommendations of the World Health Organization," Hajdu added. Despite the low risk of transmission in this country, news of the virus has led to the re-emergence of racism and xenophobia that target Asian people in Canada. Members of Toronto's Chinese community are urging the public to refrain from spreading fear and stigmatizing the community in the wake of coronavirus. Echoing the calling from Chinese community, Toronto Mayor John Tory, along with members of Toronto Public Health and other council members, urged the community to make sure that during a heightened time of anxiety over the virus, people shouldn't let "fake news triumph over the facts." "We can't let fear or ignorance triumph over our values of community, understanding, respect and rejection of discrimination," Tory said at City Hall Wednesday. Meanwhile, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau further urged Canadians to stay united and warned against the rise of discrimination as fears of the coronavirus spread. "There is no place in our country for discrimination driven by fear or misinformation," Trudeau said at a Lunar New Year celebration at a banquet hall in Toronto on Saturday. "This is not something Canadians will ever stand for." Canada's first coronavirus patient has been discharged from a Toronto hospital Friday morning. The man, who was in his 50s, was the first person confirmed to have caught the virus in Canada after he returned from travelling in Wuhan on Jan 23. He was being treated at Toronto Sunnybrook Hospital. The hospital said that the man's condition had improved throughout the week, and "he no longer required in-patient care." Instead, the hospital has liaised with Toronto Public Health and both will continue to monitor the patient at home. The man's wife also tested positive for the virus, known as 2019-nCoV, but has been recovering at home in self-isolation. The country's fourth patient was confirmed by Ontario health official just hours after the first patient was discharged, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the country to four — three in Ontario and one in B.C.
WS5e365428a310128217274289	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e365428a310128217274289.html	2020-02-02	Novel coronavirus may spread via digestive system: Experts	WUHAN -- Chinese experts warned that the novel coronavirus could be transmitted through the digestive system, according to the latest findings. They found viral nucleic acids in patients' stool and rectal swabs after they noticed that the initial symptom of some patients infected with the coronavirus was diarrhea only, instead of a fever, which is more common. The latest findings resulted from joint research by experts from the Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University and the Wuhan Institute of Virology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, China's top research body in natural sciences. The research team believes that the novel coronavirus still has certain fecal-oral transmission, aside from droplet and contact transmissions. Xinhua
WS5e363cdda31012821727426a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e363cdda31012821727426a.html	2020-02-02	Shanghai reports 8 new novel coronavirus cases, 177 in total	A health researcher shows a program, newly launched by Shanghai East Hospital of Tongji University and Stermirna Therapeutics Co, to develop an mRNA vaccine targeting the novel coronavirus, in Shanghai, Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Eight cases of novel coronavirus infection were confirmed in Shanghai during the 12 hours before 12 am on Sunday, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 177 as of Feb 1, the Shanghai Health Commission reported. One of the newly confirmed patients comes from Wuhan of Hubei province, with the rest of infected people being local Shanghai residents, according to the Shanghai municipal health authority. Between noon to midnight on Saturday, 32 suspected cases were eliminated and a total of 374 cases were eliminated as of Saturday, added the health commission. Among the 177 confirmed cases, 89 are male and 88 female, whose ages ranged from 7 to 88. According to the health commission, 109 out of 177 confirmed cases lived or traveled to Hubei province, while 62 had close personal contact with people confirmed with the disease. As Sunday morning, 155 patients were in stable condition, seven are in critical condition, four in intensive condition, 10 have been cured and discharged from the hospital, and one died. Currently, 168 people are under medical quarantine and observation.
WS5e362ae8a31012821727425a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e362ae8a31012821727425a.html	2020-02-02	China imposes no additional tariffs on coronavirus prevention supplies from US	Police officers and workers wearing face masks transport medical supplies arriving by train at the Wuhan railway station, following an outbreak of the novel coronavirus, in Wuhan, Hubei province, China, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo/China Daily]. BEIJING -- China will not impose additional tariffs on its imports originated from the United States and eligible for new tariff exemption policies relating to the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak, the Customs Tariff Commission of the State Council said Saturday. According to a separate notice jointly released by the Ministry of Finance, the General Administration of Customs and State Taxation Administration Saturday, China has adopted more favorable tax policies including the exemption of import duties to speed up the import of donated supplies used for the epidemic control. The commission noted that relevant imports from the United States will not be subject to additional tariffs, while extra duties imposed can be refunded. The removal of additional tariffs will be valid from Jan 1 to March 31, it said.
WS5e361e65a31012821727423c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e361e65a31012821727423c.html	2020-02-02	Hospitals discharge 328 recovered patients of coronavirus infection	A patient infected with novel coronavirus celebrates with doctors after getting recovery in Taiyuan, Shanxi province, Jan 29, 2020. BEIJING -- A total of 328 patients infected with the novel coronavirus had been discharged from hospital after recovery by the end of Saturday, Chinese health authorities announced Sunday. Saturday saw 85 people walk out of the hospital after recovery (49 in Hubei), the National Health Commission (NHC) said in its daily report. By the end of Saturday, a total of 304 people had died of the disease and 14,380 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection had been reported in 31 provincial-level regions and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps in China.
WS5e361d9fa310128217274234	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e361d9fa310128217274234.html	2020-02-02	Number of new novel coronavirus cases continues to climb	A taxi driver from Songlei Taxi Company gives facial masks to a sanitation worker in Harbin, capital city of Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, on Wednesday. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Confirmed and suspected infections of the novel coronavirus continued to climb on Saturday, with most of the increases recorded in Central China's Hubei province, the center of the virus outbreak, according to the National Health Commission. On the Chinese mainland, the number of confirmed cases climbed to 14,380 as of Saturday at midnight, including 304 deaths, data released by the commission on Sunday morning showed. Hubei province reported 1,921 new cases and 45 new deaths, it said. There were also 4,562 new suspected cases reported on Saturday, including 2,606 in Hubei, increasing the total suspected infections on the Chinese mainland to 19,544. While a total of 2,110 patients remain in serious condition, 328 people have been released from hospitals after being cured, the commission said. A total of 137,594 people that have had close contact with infected patients are still under medical observation, while 8,044 such people were released from observation on Saturday. According to the Hubei health commission, the total number of confirmed cases and deaths in the province has reached 9,074 and 294, respectively. The provincial commission also said a total of 8,565 people sickened by the virus in the province are still hospitalized. Among them, 1,118 people have serious symptoms and 444 are in critical condition. Among the 48,571 people that have had close contact with infected patients, 43,121 are still under medical observation in the province, it added.
WS5e361b39a31012821727422e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e361b39a31012821727422e.html	2020-02-02	Cremate coronavirus dead nearby: National Health Commission	A worker, covering himself with a mask, glasses and a protective suit, delivers gas in the Jiang'an district of Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, on Feb 1. [Photo by Zhou Guoqiang/for chinadaily.com.cn] The National Health Commission said on Saturday the bodies of dead novel coronavirus patients should be cremated nearby and should not be transported to other places. Bodies of deceased patients should not be buried in the ground or stored in other ways, according to a notice published on its website. It is also stated that no ceremonies to pay respect to the deceased or funerals should be held. The bodies of those with suspected infections, including those who were under medical observation, also should be treated the same way, the notice said.
WS5e35e2f0a310128217274219	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e35e2f0a310128217274219.html	2020-02-02	Overseas Chinese communities send medical supplies to fight coronavirus	Staff members transfer medical supplies at the Wuhan Railway Station in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Xingxin/China Daily] Overseas Chinese communities in Britain have been donating money and medical supplies to help with the fight against the outbreak of novel coronavirus in China. "As long as China is in trouble, they are always willing to share with the motherland," said Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the United Kingdom, at a donation ceremony held at the Chinese embassy in London on Friday. More than 20 representatives of local Chinese communities including the London Chinatown Chinese Association and the Chinese Students and Scholars Association in the UK attended the ceremony and made a donation of nearly 500,000 pounds (about $ 660,000). Liu Xiaoming expressed his sincere gratitude to overseas Chinese communities, including scholars and students in the UK for their generosity and dedication to supporting the people of the motherland to fight the epidemic. Since the outbreak, Chinese people in Britain have followed the progress of the epidemic's prevention and control. After learning about the shortage of medical supplies in Wuhan, where the outbreak is most severe, they raised funds and bought critical supplies, and mailed them to China. Customs authorities across China have speeded up clearance processes for medical supplies from abroad. From Jan 24 up to Jan 29, more than 10,000 parcels of safety materials were cleared, according to the customs office in Guangzhou, one of the largest customs authorities in southern China. "Support from all directions went to whichever place was in trouble," Liu said. With the Chinese government's solid resolve and timely and effective measures, China will control and finally prevail over the epidemic, Liu noted. Wuhan, where the outbreak was first discovered, is a city in central China with a population of about 11 million. It has been on lockdown since Jan 23. Other major cities in China have banned public gatherings and reduced transportation to varying degrees. "In many ways, China is actually setting a new standard for outbreak response. It's not an exaggeration," Director-General of the United Nations' World Health Organization Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said on Thursday.
WS5e35b026a310128217274206	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/02/WS5e35b026a310128217274206.html	2020-02-02	Fecal matter of patients tests positive for coronavirus	Scientists have discovered that fecal samples from patients infected with the novel coronavirus also have tested positive for the virus, meaning it is highly possible that the live virus can exist and spread through contaminated fecal matter, the Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen said in an online statement Saturday. The virus was also detected in the loose stool of the first patient in the US infected with the virus, according to a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine. The discovery may provide the missing link on how animal to human, and human to human spread of the novel coronavirus occurs, and prompt doctors to focus on detecting gastric signs and properly disposing patient's fecal matter. At the start of the outbreak, scientists presumed the new virus was spread primarily through virus-containing droplets emitted by an infected person's cough or sneeze, though evidence of other routes existed for virus of its kind. Researchers at the hospital said they are conducting further research into this revelation by isolating viruses from the stools. They also urged the public to pay attention to personal hygiene in addition to wearing a face mask and washing hands as preventive measures. There are more than 130 different types of pathogenic viruses that are shed in human feces, according to a 2003 study done by the Danish Ministry of the Environment. Wildlife surveys conducted by EcoHealth Alliance in China and other parts of the world have found animals extruding coronaviruses through feces being a common phenomenon. Scientists have found other coronaviruses not only can spread via air excreted by infected patients, but also if fecal matter comes in contact with another creature's mouth, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Many of the emerging coronaviruses are known as pneumoenteric viruses, meaning they can grow in the respiratory and gastrointestinal systems. In 2003, around 10 to 20 percent of patients afflicted with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) reported diarrhea, the center said. Doctors have also reported diarrhea as one of the symptoms in the coronaviruses outbreak in China.
WS5e3583eda3101282172741da	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e3583eda3101282172741da.html	2020-02-01	Family coronavirus case in Shenzhen sees another cured	Shenzhen saw its fifth patient with novel coronavirus recovered and discharged from hospital on Saturday. The woman, in her 60s, was the fourth cured in her family, which has had five confirmed cases.   The women's family members visited Wuhan, Hubei province from late December to early January, including her 10-year-old grandson, the boy's parents and grandparents on his mother's side. Excepting the boy's mother, all were infected afterward. The woman was then infected. This was Shenzhen's first case of infections in a family cluster. Now only her son's father-in-law is under treatment in the hospital.   As of Saturday at noon, Shenzhen confirmed a total of 170 confirmed cases and had 327 close contacts under medical observation.
WS5e358377a3101282172741d2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e358377a3101282172741d2.html	2020-02-01	Coronavirus Battle in China: Process and Prospect	About SIIS Founded in 1960, the Shanghai Institutes for International Studies(SIIS) is a government-affiliated high-caliber think tank dedicated to informing government decision-making by conducting policy-oriented studies in world politics, economics, foreign policy, and international security. SIIS maintains intensive and extensive exchanges and cooperation with research institutions at home and abroad, bolstering China’s international influence and soft power. SIIS boasts an authorized size of 106 full-time research fellows and staff, including 60% senior fellows. SIIS was ranked one of the top ten Chinese think tanks In 2006, and one of the top ten global think tanks (non-American) in 2008. SIIS comprises seven institutes and six research centers, namely, the institute for global governance studies, the institute for foreign policy studies, the institute for world economic studies, the institute for international strategic studies, the institute for comparative politics and public policy, the institute for Taiwan, Hong Kong& Macao Studies, the institute for data processing and studies, the center for American studies, the center for Asia-Pacific Studies, the center for Russian and Central Asian Studies, the center for West Asia and Africa studies, the center for European studies, and the center for maritime and polar studies. In addition, SIIS is an institutional member of the Shanghai International Strategic Studies Association and the Shanghai International Relations Association. Global Review (bimonthly, Chinese) and the China Quarterly of International Strategic Studies are the two flagship journals of SIIS and have become a prestigious academic platform for domestic and international scholarship. © 2020 by Shanghai Institutes for International Studies. All rights reserved Shanghai Institutes for International Studies 195-15 Tianlin Road, Xuhui, Shanghai, PR.China 021-54614900|www.siis.org.cn This report is co-authored by Preface Author CHEN Dongxiao, President of Shanghai Institutes for International Studies Contributing Authors LIU Kan, M.D., Associate Professor, Institute of Global Governance, SIIS LU Chuanying, Ph.D., Secretary General, Research Center for International Cyberspace Governance, SIIS ZHANG Haibing, Ph.D., Director, Institute of Global Governance, SIIS YE Jiang, Ph.D., Senior Fellow, Institute of Global Governance, SIIS QIANG Xiaoyun, Ph.D., Senior Fellow, Institute of Global Governance, SIIS Translators ZHANG Zhexin, Ph.D., Deputy Chief Editor, China Quarterly of International Strategic Studies(CQISS), SIIS YANG Li, Editor, China Quarterly of International Strategic Studies(CQISS), SIIS Join Hands in Fighting against the 2019-nCov Epidemic The 2019-nCov epidemic has become a common concern of the international community. Since the first infection was diagnosed in Wuhan in December 2019, the novel coronavirus has been spreading at a speed even beyond the expectation of medical experts. In response, the Chinese government mandated a quarantine of the Wuhan city on January 23, 2020; 31 provinces and municipalities, including Beijing and Shanghai, have also taken measures on first-level response to this major public health emergency. The international community has paid close attention to China’s actions to control the epidemic. On the evening of January 30, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the 2019-nCov epidemic a “public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC).” The actions of the Chinese government and people are key to the global campaign against this epidemic. Why has the Chinese government taken such strong measures as quarantine of Wuhan? How effective are they? Can the Chinese government and people manage to contain the epidemic? What are the short-, mid- and long-term effects of the epidemic on China’s economy? And how can the international community work together to tackle the international public health emergency? To answer these questions, experts from the Institute of Global Governance at Shanghai Institutes for International Studies (SIIS) were convened and jointly completed this report. My colleagues believe that despite the daunting tasks faced by China, such strong measures as quarantine of key areas are still the most effective means to contain the epidemic; otherwise, the whole nation and even the world would be subject to greater public health risks. Notably, public morale has been boosted across the nation in fighting against the epidemic with such measures. Under the leadership of the central government, and with dedicated efforts from local governments and the whole society, the nationwide emergency-management system is beginning to take full effect. Meanwhile, it is believed that at a critical moment for international political and economic dynamics and China’s economic transformation, the 2019-nCov epidemic will have much negative impact on China’s economy (especially in the short run), as well as on world economy in many ways. However, in the mid- and long term, China’s economy will manifest strong surprising resilience; with the support of the international community, the Chinese government and people will ultimately conquer the epidemic and China’s economy will remain robust. My colleagues also point out that in the globalized era, such epidemics as 2019-nCov have become common threats for humanity that demand joint efforts from the whole international community. As WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesuson said at a press conference on January 30, “the only way we will defeat this outbreak is for all countries to work together in a spirit of solidarity and cooperation. We are all in this together, and we can only stop it together......This is the time for facts, not fear. This is the time for science, not rumors. This is the time for solidarity, not stigma.” It is with the same spirits that SIIS experts completed this report on which I appreciate my colleagues’ work very much. Chen Dongxiao President, Shanghai Institutes for International Studies January 31, 2020 Coronavirus Battle in China: Process and Prospect Since the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) epidemic broke out in Wuhan in late December 2019, the Chinese government has taken robust measures to curb the spread of the deadly virus, most notably a full quarantine on Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, and strong control and preventive measures in such metropolitan areas as Beijing and Shanghai as well as other population centers around China. These efforts have received wide media coverage at home and abroad and major questions have been raised as to: first, why did the government impose an unprecedented lockdown on Wuhan? Second, are the Chinese central government and local authorities competent enough to contain the virus? Third, what are the negative effects of the epidemic on China’s economy? And fourth, what kind of international cooperation is required to ensure human security in the face of epidemics? As the combat against the epidemic is still evolving, here are some tentative answers and assessments given by a task force specializing in global governance issues at Shanghai Institutes for International Studies. 1.Why were mass quarantines exercised on Wuhan and other epidemic areas? Quarantine is a traditional and yet the most effective measure to contain a deadly epidemic, although it may bring unforeseen risks and consequences. Because there is no specific cure or vaccine against virus-caused infections (including 2019-nCoV),standard public health emergency measures usually prove most efficient, including isolating the sources of infection, cutting off or interrupting transmission routes, and special care for the most susceptible people. Available medical evidence shows that humans, regardless of gender, age, or race, are all susceptible to this deadly new coronavirus; thus, in the absence of specific cure or vaccine, source isolation and transmission chain interruption are by far the only reliable and effective methods. The unprecedented exercise of a full quarantine on Wuhan, the heart of the outbreak, reflects China’s dedication as a responsible great power. In fact, since the quarantine began, the number of confirmed cases in all regions has grown at a much lower speed than that in the epicenter Hubei province; and Wuhan remains the only city with concentrated infections. Of all the confirmed cases outside Hubei province, the majority of patients have either lived in or traveled to Wuhan or other areas of Hubei recently, and the rest have been in close contact with the above-mentioned patients. So far, there has been no reported incident of local community transmission or any new epicenter of outbreak. Based on these facts, we can conclude that strict control over population outflows from Hubei province is an effective way to contain the spread of the deadly virus. At present, high-level emergency alerts have been activated all across China and vigorous public health measures taken to identify, diagnose, and isolate infections or suspected cases at the earliest possible moment. At the same time, the Lunar New Year holidays have been extended to keep the nation-wide migration of population at the minimum level; and travelers from Wuhan and other epidemic areas are advised to report their travel records and to self-quarantine for two weeks to prevent community transmission. The reported five million people who had left Wuhan before the lockdown announcement are not panicky evacuees, but migrant workers seeking family reunions back in their hometowns or holiday travelers taking their leisure time around China and even abroad. What would happen if China had not closed off Wuhan and other epidemic areas? According to credible analysis, highly-connected global transport networks may enable contagious pathogens to spread from backwater villages in unknown corners of the world to major cities on six continents in less than 36 hours and trigger outbreaks or cause epidemics. Yet in China, by January 30, 2020, more than a month after the first confirmed case was reported and eight days after the Wuhan lockdown, there had been 18 countries reporting 98 scattered cases of infection altogether，according to the latest WHO report. Had the Chinese government not taken determined efforts to quarantine the places with concentrated confirmed cases, the deadly virus may have spread all over the world and generated devastating impact on the global economic and public health systems. As WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesuson correctly pointed out at a press conference on January 30, “the Chinese government is to be congratulated for the extraordinary measures it has taken to contain the outbreak, despite the severe social and economic impact those measures are having on the Chinese people”. Beijing is doing everything possible to ensure sustained supplies of daily necessities and medical materials. Hubei province is abundant in natural resources and basic supplies have never fallen short. The Ministry of Commerce has activated a material supplying mechanism involving nine provincial authorities, through which basic items, including medical materials, steadily flow into Hubei. It is a long-running tradition for the Chinese to store more than enough food and other items for the Spring Festival season and many households in Wuhan have already accumulated ample supplies before the lockdown. So there is not a general shortage of food or other life necessities. Wuhan citizens are not left in a deserted city to their own devices. Food supplies and basic social services are fully ensured. Although Wuhan’s public transport has been suspended, local residents’ personal freedom has not been restricted and most households have opted for self-quarantine to avoid potential infection. Those who have to travel are offered vehicles by community-level organizations. Public mood is improving as local residents’ lives begin to come back to normal with regular information disclosure and stepped-up personal hygienic measures. Hubei province has 72 grade-A hospitals and 942 other medical facilities, of which two of China’s top ten hospitals are located in Wuhan, together with 229 other medical facilities. Medical institutions across China stand ready to provide assistance to Wuhan at request and groups of medical personnel are arriving at Wuhan to reinforce the local public health system. Following the model of Xiaotangshan Hospital built in 2003 to treat the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) victims in Beijing, three new hospitals are erected in Hubei, including the 1,000-bed Dabieshan Regional Medical Center in Huang Gang, which was put into full operation on January 28, as well as the Huoshenshan Hospital (with 1,000 beds and covering 34,000 square meters) and Leishenshan Hospital (with 1,500 beds and spanning 75,000 square meters) in Wuhan, which are expected to be ready for use on February 3 and 5, respectively -- within 10 days after plans for construction were made. Full operation of the three facilities will further enhance the local public health capacities. 2. Can the Chinese government manage to contain the epidemic? China has adopted a whole-of-government approach, coupled with full social mobilization, in the fight against the 2019-nCov epidemic. At the central level, Beijing has been on high alert since the early days and activated the public health emergency response mechanism as soon as confirmed cases rose to 200. On January 20, President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang instructed governments at all levels to pay highest attention to the development of the epidemic. The National Health Commission and local authorities were ordered to activate allround emergency response mechanisms. On January 25, Premier Li was designated chair of a newly established central leading small group on battling the 2019-nCov epidemic and visited Wuhan two days later to inspect the latest progress and boost public morale. Rapid mobilization at the top level catapulted the whole nation into instant reaction. At present, more than 52 batches of medical staff of 6,097 professionals are working in Wuhan and other places in Hubei. Medical supplies including face masks, protective suits, and medicines are arriving in epidemic areas. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has urged medical suppliers across China to restore to their full productive capacity to ensure sustained provision of all necessary items. The Ministry of Finance has allocated 1 billion RMB in emergency funds for Wuhan and Hubei. Vegetables, food, and other life necessities have been sent from other places to Wuhan for the nine million residents there. Local authorities are taking every measure in epidemic control and prevention. At the moment, most of the confirmed cases reported in regions other than Hubei are imported infections -- patients have either traveled to or lived in Wuhan or come into close contact with infected victims. There has been no epicenter of outbreak except Wuhan due to early government intervention. For now, top priorities for local governments include: identifying and caring for symptomatic patients, and advising and monitoring people with Wuhan travel records to self-quarantine. Restrictive measures such as migration control and mass quarantine may give rise to social disorder, which requires appropriate responses from local authorities. Price control and quality supervision are also necessary as demands for face masks and liquid soap have soared. Local authorities have a crucial role to play in vast rural areas, since residents there only have vague awareness of personal hygiene and many remain reluctant to wear face masks and wash hands with soap even if infection seems imminent. New year greetings and family reunions during the Spring Festival also significantly increase the likelihood of mass infection. In the absence of quality medical resources, local authorities play an indispensable role in imposing self-quarantine, advising against unnecessary travels or visits, and promoting public health education. Apart from implementing local prevention and control measures, provincial and local governments, at the request of the central government, are also supposed to provide timely assistance to Wuhan in terms of hospital staff, medical materials, and food supplies. Factories have difficulty restoring to their full manufacturing capacities as most of them are understaffed, under-supplied, and under-funded during holidays. Local authorities should mobilize and coordinate resources to assist those factories to return to operation. Inter-provincial assistance and coordination reflects a nation-wide consensus on the imperative of standing up to challenges at critical moments. Enterprises and the general public are also contributing to the combat against the epidemic. Financial and material donations from Chinese enterprises have been growing since the onset of the deadly virus. Charities and Red Cross agencies in Hubei have received up to 4. 26 billion RMB and 5.29 million pieces of materials in donation by the end of January. Corporate giants like Alibaba and Fosun International Limited have made overseas purchases to supply urgently needed medical equipment to Wuhan. What is worth noting is that Chinese tech firms have proven that the Internet plays a special role in China’s social governance. For example, Tencent has set up eleven platforms providing online services such as information disclosure and medical advice. One platform offers online medical clinical services aimed to reduce feverish patients’ exposure to virus in hospital. Another platform helps calm down the public by debunking rumors and conspiracy theories. Didi, a car-hailing service firm, has set up a dedicated convoy to ferry medical staff amid Wuhan’s traffic shutdown. Another firm has devised a search app whereby users can check whether they have been the fellow-travelers of an infected victim. From the SARS outbreak to the 2019-nCov epidemic, Internet companies have shouldered increasing corporate responsibilities in times of crisis. The Chinese public has experienced a quiet Spring Festival as many have canceled their scheduled gatherings and planned vacations. Despite the initial anxiety, criticism, and concerns over information disclosure, the general public’s conscience and rationality in a country with 1.4 billion population and 800 million netizens are commendable. With enhanced information transparency by the government, initial criticism soon abated and in its place were optimism and general support of government initiatives and programs. Now, the public is admiring the courageous medical staff from all over China working in Wuhan hospitals, hailing Dr. Zhong Nanshan -- the first professional boldly warning against human-to-human transmission -- as a national hero, and watching live at 3 a.m. the construction of the Leishenshan and Huoshenshan hospitals with chants of “Hang on Wuhan, we stand with you.” Today, instead of complaining and grieving, more and more Chinese people are comforting and encouraging each other. This boosted public morale has contributed to the rapid social mobilization for epidemic prevention and control. At the same time, public donations to Wuhan have never stopped since the early days of the combat. Besides donations to Wuhan charities and Red Cross agencies, the public has mailed to Wuhan face masks and protective suits. Social groups have volunteered to work in Wuhan. Overseas members of alumni societies of Wuhan University, Nanjing University, and Tsinghua University have provided urgently needed medical materials to Wuhan hospitals. Many medical associations have volunteered to provide counselling services to ease patient families’ fears. In Shanghai, some residents salute the service and sacrifice of those front-line medical personnel by sending them milk tea, bread, and fine meals. Some warmhearted citizens place hundreds of face masks at a police station’s entrance without leaving their names. These acts and moments of appreciation and love reflect the growing determination of the Chinese people to conquer the 2019-nCov epidemic. 3. What effect is the epidemic likely to have on China’s economy? There are three major views, both in China and abroad, about the negative impact of the 2019-nCov epidemic on China’s economy. The “critical impact” theory tends to think that it will have serious effect on the already slackening Chinese economy, even causing a slide of its growth rate and handicapping global economy. Based on data about the economic impact of SARS in 2003, the “manageable impact” theory believes that the epidemic will have only limited and controllable effect on China’s economy, and that China’s economic performance of the whole year will not be much influenced despite a declining growth rate in the first season. The “uncertain impact” theory holds that historical evidence does not tell much about the future economic trajectory, but the actual economic impact depends on how long the epidemic will last. After all, China’s economic size (99 trillion RMB in GDP) is 9 times that of 2003 (11.7 trillion RMB). Indeed, it would be imprudent to judge the economic impact of the epidemic by historical experience. The new millennium has witnessed the outbreak of a number of epidemics, natural disasters or other acute incidents in China. Yet the Chinese government has managed to contain and tackle them one by one, including SARS in 2003 (which caused the biggest short-term effect on economy), H1N1 (swine flu) in 2009, and H7N9 (bird flu), as well as the Wenchuan earthquake in 2008. Even in face of the rampant global financial crisis in 2009, China was able to maintain steady growth of economy with a strong stimulus package and collective international efforts led by the Group of Twenty (G20). It is worth noting, however, that the potential impact of the 2019-nCov epidemic can be different from all the previous epidemics and other incidents. For one thing, it occurs when China’s economy, in the midst of a transition from high-speed growth to highquality development, faces three daunting tasks domestically, i.e., guarding against systemic financial risks, control of pollution, and poverty eradication; externally, with globalization under unprecedented challenges and China-U.S. trade frictions only starting to ease, China’s economy will be further hit if the country is labeled as an “epidemic area.” For another thing, the current epidemic has influenced larger areas and to greater degrees. Not only are the complete quarantine of Wuhan city and firstlevel response applied by more than 30 provinces or municipalities the first time in history, but the epidemic has impacted all economic fields across the nation; its effect on small- and medium-sized enterprises is yet to be seen, while China’s employment, local government debt issue, and stability of the RMB value are all under severe test. It is widely forecast that China’s economic growth will be down by 1 to 1.5 percentage point. Some even doubt if China’s economy can achieve a 5-percent growth in 2020. To be more specific, the 2019-nCov epidemic poses direct harm on three main sectors of China’s economy: (1) the service sector, especially such consumer industries as tourism, catering, entertainment and logistics (in particular for small- and mediumsized enterprises); (2) the manufacturing sector, typically in mobile phone, automobile and electronic industries, due to indefinite time for return to operation, which may to some extent disrupt the global industrial chains; as a manufacturing center in China, Wuhan city is under heavy economic blow; and (3) the trade sector, owing to potential cuts or even shutdown of airlines, sea routes and borders by some countries as a result of the prevailing panic or geopolitical considerations. Nevertheless, the resilience of China’s economy cannot be underestimated. Even in the short term, the epidemic does not cause merely negative effect on economy, but it has benefited such industries as electronic commerce and online game and entertainment. At the same time, the Chinese government boasts strong financial capacity in crisis management -- as of January 29, 2020, a total of 27.3 billion RMB (nearly $4 billion) had been provided by governments of all levels for epidemic control; more policy measures will be adopted as the epidemic continues. In the mid-term, some Americans doubt if China is able to fulfil its commitment made in the Phase I deal with the United States; however, China’s purchase of U.S. agricultural products is expected to reach a new high for the deal has greatly wiped off the uncertainty of China-U.S. trade relations; besides, due to the epidemic, China is very likely to increase purchase of other products, such as medical equipment and supplies. Notably, the epidemic will be taken into full consideration in the making of China’s 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-2025) and new measures are expected to be adopted to stimulate economy for the next five years. In the long run, as China has grown to be the second largest economy, the epidemic cannot undermine its huge potential in consumption, urbanization, and such new economic fields as 5G and artificial intelligence. 4. How can the international community cope with the epidemic for common human security? In our globalized world, the 2019-nCov epidemic will inevitably have global impacts. Committed to promoting the building of a community of shared future for mankind, China has been striving to undertake its due international responsibilities and obligations in countering the epidemic. Above all, with utmost openness and promptness, the Chinese government is working closely with the World Health Organization (WHO) on every step of the epidemic, exemplified by President Xi’s meeting with WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesuson on January 28. After the Director-General declared the 2019-nCov epidemic as a “public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC),” China’s mainstream media like People’s Daily and Xinhua News Agency reported the news instantly, indicating that the Chinese government has nothing to hide from the public and that the Chinese people are fully confident in conquering the epidemic. Next, the Chinese government has given full understanding and assistance to other governments’ actions to prevent the epidemic, such as some countries’ evacuation missions from Wuhan and their decisions to halt airlines to China. All such requests will continue to be met with utmost efficiency and generosity from the Chinese government. Furthermore, the Chinese government has remained open and grateful to all kinds of assistance from other countries in countering the epidemic. At the same time, China is considering promoting such cooperation in future epidemics of the world. Finally, both the Chinese government and public opinion are quite concerned about the impact of the epidemic on the world. For example, the government has been trying to minimize the spread of the epidemic to other countries by increasing control of overseas travels by the population in worst-hit regions and calling on the public to take social responsibilities in preventing the dissemination of the virus. With regard to the global concern over the 2019-nCov epidemic, we suggest the following joint actions by the international community for our common security: First, optimize the existing epidemic information disclosure mechanisms. China’s daily “epidemic bulletin” broadcast in multiple languages plays the key role, in particular the languages of neighboring countries, such as Russian, Japanese, Korean and English, so that related information and data can be accessible to the public before fake news and rumors begin to spread. Successful actions of the Chinese government in preventing the spread of the epidemic can be introduced in detail in the Bulletin, too. The real-time Bulletin in multiple languages should be put on the websites of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Chinese embassies and consulates abroad. Meanwhile, we strongly hope that international media and thinktanks maintain an objective, comprehensive and humane stance in conducting reports or analyses of the epidemic and avoid hyping unconfirmed information or even rumors. Second, strengthen international exchange of experience in epidemic control. It is important for China to translate the latest Guidelines for Preventing the 2019-nCov into different languages and pass it over to neighboring countries swiftly and in multiple forms (such as by social media). It will not only help those countries counter the epidemic with Chinese experience, but also contribute to China’s image as a “kind neighbor” and “responsible great power.” We call for more support from the United States, EU and other developed countries in medical equipment and supplies, as well as their best practices in epidemic control. Third, oppose discrimination against epidemic-struck regions and people. The epidemic must not become a new fence between countries, but it should be turned into a new bridge across nations. At present, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs as well as embassies and consulates abroad are in close contact with the governments and health and epidemic prevention agencies of other countries, updating them with the latest progress in countering the epidemic. Chinese communities abroad also keep a close eye on the health conditions of Chinese living in their neighborhood; and they are ready to help local epidemic prevention agencies, if necessary, to provide certifications for healthy Chinese or those proven healthy through self-quarantine, so as to prevent ugly anti-Chinese events due in large part to incomplete information. We hereby advocate that the public in all countries remain calm about the epidemic and avoid discrimination against Chinese or any infected persons. For we, as human beings, are one family and no ethnic group can stand immune to our common challenge.
WS5e35764fa3101282172741aa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e35764fa3101282172741aa.html	2020-02-01	Kim Jong-un extends sympathy to China in coronavirus fight	Top leader of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea Kim Jong-un extended his sincere sympathy to China for the outbreak of the contagion caused by the novel coronavirus, and offered support for the country’s efforts in the prevention and control of the disease on Saturday. Kim, chairman of the Workers’ Party of Korea, made the remarks in a letter to General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee Xi Jinping. Kim said the WPK, the people of the DPRK and himself consider the epidemic that hit China as something they are also suffering, and have strong faith the CPC, the Chinese government and people will win the battle against the virus under Xi’s leadership. He conveyed his greetings through the letter to CPC members and medics working on the frontline, as well as sympathy to the bereaved families grieving losses caused by the virus, Kim said. Xi expressed his sincere gratitude to Kim, the WPK and the people of the DPRK for their sympathy and support.  
WS5e356563a310128217274190	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e356563a310128217274190.html	2020-02-01	Mother-to-child transmission of coronavirus not yet clear	[Photo/VCG] There is no definitive answer as to whether the novel coronavirus can transmit between pregnant women and their fetuses, a Chinese obstetrics specialist said on Saturday. The current approach regarding treatment of pregnant women confirmed to have the virus is to prioritize the safety of the adult while taking a comprehensive view of her health conditions to decide whether to terminate the pregnancy, said Zhao Yangyu, head of the obstetrics department of Peking University Third Hospital, at a news conference held by the National Health Commission. "It is also worth noting consistent fever and virus infections are always harmful to fetuses during early pregnancy, " she said. "Special attention should be paid in this regard." As the increasing number of confirmed and suspected cases of the novel coronavirus is straining medical resources in China, concerns have also risen over hospitals' capacity to handle pregnant women who need regular health check-ups. Wang Liang, an official with the commission's maternal and child health department, said some local authorities have designated institutions specializing in obstetrics and neonatology to deliver services to the pregnant and ensure their safety. "For pregnant women who are suspected of, or confirmed to be, infected with the virus, they should seek treatment at hospitals designated for coronavirus patients," he added. Zhao, the obstetrics specialist, added despite the spread of the illness, pregnant women should follow advice of doctors to conduct examinations, especially those at high risk. "Some hospitals have taken measures to distribute patients into different time slots in order to avoid large gatherings and reduce their waiting time," she said, adding mothers-to-be are also suggested to take precautions such as wearing masks and cooperating with health screenings at medical institutions.
WS5e355623a310128217274174	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e355623a310128217274174.html	2020-02-01	Authority provides multilingual coronavirus prevention knowledge to foreigners in China	BEIJING -- China's National Immigration Administration has issued a guideline for novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) prevention in six languages including English, Russian, French, German, Japanese and Korean, for foreigners in China. The guideline advises foreigners in China to strengthen personal protection and health monitoring, minimize outdoor activities and keep good hygiene and health habits during the epidemic. It also answers questions concerning immigration and entry policies for foreigners, including entry and exit, as well as visa and residence permit applications. Besides, another guideline concerning immigration and exit-entry service for those who need to make outbound trips during the epidemic control period has been released in Chinese and English by the administration. The administration is sending related information to foreigners in China via email, text message, and Weibo and WeChat apps. The above information is available on the administration's official website (www.nia.gov.cn), its official WeChat account (NIANEWS) and Weibo account.
WS5e354b2ba310128217274161	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e354b2ba310128217274161.html	2020-02-01	Shenzhen government publishes areas frequented by coronavirus patients	The Shenzhen municipal government publicized on Friday the addresses of 82 locations where the 134 people who have been confirmed to be infected with the novel coronavirus often visited. It is a practice highly praised by locals. “Information transparency is much needed in this special period, and will be good for stemming public panic,” said Sun Bo, a resident in his 30s, whose wife is a doctor on the frontline of fighting the virus. Of the 82 places, most are residential communities. The rest include eight hotels, two workplaces and one shopping mall. “We want to caution residents in and near these places against the disease, and involve communities in fighting the virus. Gaining support at a grassroots level is key to strengthening self-protection awareness,” said He Jianfan, director of the emergency office of the Shenzhen Center for Disease Control and Prevention.  According to He, there is no need to panic for those living in listed communities. The spaces have been thoroughly sterilized once the infected people were rushed to hospital. Shenzhen has been disclosing the conditions of the people confirmed to be infected by the virus on a daily basis since Jan 23. At present, the city has established a community-based mechanism to curb the pandemic, which coordinates efforts between property management companies, community clinics and related government departments. A total of 662 community hospitals in the city have been playing an indispensable role in the campaign, as they provide residents showing suspected symptoms with immediate treatment and closely monitor the conditions of those who have either returned from the epicenter of the outbreak of the virus, or have had contact with people from there.
WS5e354616a310128217274157	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e354616a310128217274157.html	2020-02-01	Coronavirus patient released in Shandong	Villagers spray dustbins with disinfectant as part of the measures to prevent the novel coronavirus epidemic in Rongcheng, Shandong province, Jan 30, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] On Saturday, one novel coronavirus patient was cured and discharged from a hospital in Jining, East China's Shandong province, bringing the total number of cured novel coronavirus patients in Shandong to three. The 34-year-old female patient returned to Jining on Jan 23 from Wuhan, epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak. Without going home, she went directly to a designated hospital in the city to seek medical treatment for fever and cough. Two days later, she was diagnosed with the novel coronavirus, according to the provincial health commission. After treatment, she went through the test for the novel coronavirus on Jan 29 and 30, and both times showed negative results. Medical experts evaluated her situation and concluded she had met the recovery criteria for the infection set by the National Health Commission. Shandong reported a total of 206 novel coronavirus cases as of Feb 1 at noon. A total of 5,400 people remain under medical observation.
WS5e353036a31012821727412f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e353036a31012821727412f.html	2020-02-01	Western coverage of coronavirus is its own epidemic	A volunteer carries free vegetables to the kitchen of a medical observation site in Nanxun District of Huzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The rapidly developing coronavirus in China and the active fight against it is today one of the most discussed topics in the world media. China’s large-scale response to a possible epidemic is impressive, but not everyone thinks so. Hysteria is being inflated by the world media, which turned the topic of coronavirus into an excuse for an all-out attack on China, attributing to Beijing a host of sins in solving this problem. As if it was a test of a “new biological weapon,” not an outbreak of infection. It’s never too soon for Western countries to unite against China. If you look closely at the media attacking China, you can conditionally divide them into two camps: those who blatantly accuse China of being unable to solve the problem and hiding facts about the size of the disaster, and a less aggressive group that is still actively fanning the hype around the virus and its development. So some Western media outlets find faults and weaknesses in China's struggle against the virus. They manage to connect the emergency construction of full-fledged hospitals with the idea that the scale of the disease has reached the nature of a global epidemic and China is deliberately downplaying the number of infected. Such stories create a certain atmosphere for the public, one of an epidemiological apocalypse in China which Beijing can no longer cope with. This is the main conclusion some media outlets are trying to introduce into the minds of the reader: "China can’t cope." China’s ill-wishers have completely forgotten this is not the first time China has been confronted with viral epidemics in its territory - bird flu in 1997, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in 2003 and acute fever with thrombocytopenic syndrome (SFTS) in 2010. China has a stellar track record in countering such infections, one could say it has the world's most successful experience in treating and localizing such epidemics. After all, it was China that demonstrated this to the world during the SARS outbreak by creating a full-scale medical hospital in just six days. Now in Hubei province, two large-scale medical centers are being built at an even faster pace to quarantine and treat all patients in the region. This work speaks for itself — in contrast to the opinions of critics who see in the construction of such hospitals an attempt by China to hide the true number of infected people, in reality this fact suggests the opposite, that China is taking necessary measures to localize treatment and keep the virus contained. Through quarantines of patients and even entire residential areas, China solves the main problem — nipping the virus in the bud and preventing it from developing into a pandemic throughout all regions of China. So in Beijing and other cities, mass events are prohibited. Tens of millions of people in Hubei are under quarantine. Almost 12 million people live in Wuhan, the epicenter of infection. After the outbreak, authorities stopped the movement of public transport, metro and buses. The airport and train station are also closed. It is impossible to leave the city. Is this good or bad? Consider the consequences. Uncomfortable for citizens, yes, but reasonable. All this is done for their safety. It is already known that the Ministry of Finance of China intends to spend $144 million on the fight against the coronavirus. Meanwhile, based on statistics, not everything is as bad as the Western media writes — mortality from coronavirus is only 3% of the total number of cases, while the ratio of deaths to the number of infected in the case of SARS and other coronaviruses of the 21st century ranged from 10 to 35%, which is really scary. It is clear that only China, which has resources and experience in suppressing a new type of virus, is capable of such powerful and prompt measures to prevent infection. China acts ahead of the curve and the Western media, reacting to this, agitates around the kind of outbreak which was resolved quite successfully before. The author is director of the international expert club "EurAsiaAz".
WS5e352f58a310128217274123	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e352f58a310128217274123.html	2020-02-01	Beijing gives updated coronavirus numbers	Citizens buy vegetables in a supermarket in Beijing on Feb 1, 2020. Vegetables are in stable supply amid the epidemic. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Beijing reported 17 novel coronavirus cases on Saturday, bringing the confirmed total to 156 as of midnight Friday, the capital's health authorities said. The confirmed new cases in Beijing are aged 6 to 82, with eight females and nine males according to the Beijing Health Commission. Of the confirmed 156 novel coronavirus cases, one has died and five have been released from hospitals. Another 150 patients have been quarantined for medical treatment at designated local hospitals. For better response, a real-time medical consultation platform came online Saturday afternoon, providing 24-hour consulting for residents. Medical experts also advised the public to be self-examined one to two times through the online platform to reduce the risk of being infected. Dong Jiahong, executive president of Beijing Tsinghua Changgung Hospital, told Beijing News that in winter and spring, various respiratory diseases similar to coronavirus have a high incidence. This greatly increases the risk of infection among the population not infected with the novel coronavirus and potentially intensifying the spreading of the epidemic, said Dong, adding self-tests can help residents better diagnose themselves before going to a doctor and thereby curb the spread of the disease. Citizens buy vegetables in a supermarket in Beijing on Feb 1, 2020. Vegetables are in stable supply amid the epidemic. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] A worker busy in a supermarket in Beijing on Feb 1, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e35283fa3101282172740f1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e35283fa3101282172740f1.html	2020-02-01	Serbian medic in Ningxia impressed by coronavirus efforts	Ilic Nemanja came from Serbia to work as a medical staffer in Yinchuan, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, one week ago when the spread of the novel coronavirus already started. Despite being on the front lines of the fight against the virus, he said he feels safe there. "I was surprised by how well the Ningxia government organized prevention of the coronavirus," he said. Nemanja gets the latest status of the virus in Ningxia and also the whole country from the Ningxia government and also foreign affairs organizations every day. "With my experience from Africa and Serbia, we had some similar things as we have here now," Nemanja said. "I can say as a citizen, I feel safe here in Ningxia. And as a medical staffer I can say it is a high-level of protection for coronavirus. "All of us can feel safe here. I hope soon China will fight and win in this situation and stop the coronavirus infection." Video by Su Yanxiang and Luo Rong
WS5e35258ca3101282172740e3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e35258ca3101282172740e3.html	2020-02-01	Shanghai adds 16 new coronavirus cases, total at 169	Workers go all out to manufacture face masks in response to the outbreak of novel conoravirus at a health care gear production factory in Shanghai, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The Shanghai Health Commission reported another 16 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia as of noon Feb 1, with the total number of confirmed cases reaching 169. According to the municipal health authority, five of the 16 recent cases are people from other provinces, while the rest are local residents. In brighter news, 46 suspected cases were eliminated by noon on Feb 1, with the total number of eliminated cases holding at 342. Of all confirmed cases reported in Shanghai so far, 82 are male and 87 are female. The oldest patient is 88 years old and the youngest is 7. A total of 105 patients have lived in or traveled to Hubei province, and another 59 patients had close personal contact with people diagnosed with the new respiratory disease. At present, 149 patients are in stable condition, six are in critical condition and three under intensive care according to the Shanghai Health Commission. Ten patients have been cured and discharged from the hospital. One death has been reported so far. Another 166 suspected cases are under observation.
WS5e351aada31012821727403b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e351aada31012821727403b.html	2020-02-01	India supports China in fight against novel coronavirus	An airport staff worker monitors travelers' temperature in India, Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] India supports the Chinese government and people to go all out to fight against the novel coronavirus, and is fully confident that China will win the battle, Indian External Affairs Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar said. He made the remark in a phone conversation with State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Friday. Jaishankar said India praises the transparency and responsible attitude that the Chinese side has shown in addressing the epidemic situation. The Indian side proposed that the epidemic should be assessed in an objective and rational way and is opposed to adopting any measure that might complicate the issue, he said. Jaishankar noted that the Chinese people are strong-minded and the more difficult the situation is, the more united they are. His country is fully confident that China will absolutely win the battle against the virus at last, he added. Wang thanked India's support, saying that China has adopted the most comprehensive and toughest measures to prevent the spread of the virus and many of them go far beyond the requirements in the International Health Regulations. China's efforts are not only protecting the health of its own people, but also helping to maintain the health of the world's people, he said. Wang also said that China disagrees with the measures adopted by individual countries that hype up tensions and even create panic. Faced with transnational public health challenges in the age of globalization, countries should stay objective and rational, strengthen communications and coordination and play a constructive role individually, Wang said. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus has so far infected more than 11,000 people in China.
WS5e351272a310128217273fe6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e351272a310128217273fe6.html	2020-02-01	Hainan reports 8 new coronavirus cases, total at 57	A security staff member checks a passenger's temperature at Sanya Phoenix International Airport in Sanya, South China's Hainan province, Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The Hainan provincial health authorities announced on Saturday that 8 new cases of infection caused by the novel coronavirus were confirmed on the previous day, bringing the total confirmed cases in the tropical island province to 57 by midnight Friday. The provincial health commission said among the 57 confirmed cases, nine were in serious condition, one dead and one discharged from the hospital. The victims were aged between 3 months to 80 and most of them came from Hubei province. Haikou, the provincial capital, has reported 11 cases of infection. Sanya, a coastal tourist city at the southern tip of the island, reported 15 cases. Meanwhile, Wanning at the eastern coast and Danzhou at the northwestern coast, have reported eight cases and six cases of infection, respectively. As of midnight on Jan 31, the local authorities have traced 1,549 people who had close contact with confirmed cases. Of them, 489 have been removed from medical observation, with 1,060 still undergoing home-based or centralized medical observation, according to the provincial health commission.
WS5e350acfa310128217273fd5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e350acfa310128217273fd5.html	2020-02-01	Coronavirus cases emerge for first time in Chaozhou, Guangdong	The city of Chaozhou, in the eastern part of Guangdong province, reported three confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus, for the first time, on Friday, according to the local health commission. According to the Guangdong Provincial Commission of Health, the province has so far, as of Friday, reported a total of 520 confirmed cases of the disease. Of the 127 new confirmed cases on Friday, 60 were reported in Shenzhen, 31 in Guangzhou, 12 in Zhuhai, six in Foshan, five in Dongguan, three in Huizhou, two in Shantou, two in Jiangmen, two in Zhanjiang and one in Shanwei. Meanwhile, a total of 1,965 people who once contacted with novel coronavirus patients are now under medical observation in Guangdong.  
WS5e3502b2a310128217273fd0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e3502b2a310128217273fd0.html	2020-02-01	Recovered coronavirus patients still must be vigilant: Expert	A 67-year-old man surnamed Wan and his wife, both previously infected with novel coronavirus, are discharged on Jan 31, 2020 from a hospital in Wuhan. [Photo by Gao Xiang/provided to chinadaily.com.cn] In spite of antibodies in the system, patients who recover from the novel coronavirus may be infected again if they don't take precautionary measures, a senior medical expert said. Antibodies will be generated in those infected by the virus to protect their bodies, but it may not last long, Zhan Qingyuan, head of an expert team for pneumonia control at China-Japan Friendship Hospital, said at a news conference on Friday. "Those who have recovered are still confronted with the risk of being infected and should take strengthened precautionary measures," he noted. Zhan also dismissed concerns that the disease will leave sequela in all those infected. There should be no sequela for patients with mild symptoms. For those with severe symptoms, they may experience pulmonary fibrosis, he said. He added, however, most of the problems will be addressed thanks to the ability of the lung to repairing itself, though symptoms may linger for an extended period of time in a tiny minority of patients with extremely severe cases. Some patients may experience depressive disorders after they are cured. They should visit psychologists to relieve themselves if necessary, he said. He also suggested all those cured visit doctors regularly to have their lungs checked. According to the National Health Commission of China, 171 people on the Chinese mainland have been released from hospitals after recovering from the novel coronavirus-caused pneumonia as of Thursday at midnight. The commission also said 9,692 had been infected by the virus, and the death toll has reached 213.
WS5e34f9c6a310128217273fbd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e34f9c6a310128217273fbd.html	2020-02-01	Wenzhou with most coronavirus cases outside Hubei	The coastal city of Wenzhou in East China's Zhejiang province reported 14 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus as of midnight of Jan 31, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the city to 241, according to the official website of the Health Commission of Zhejiang Province. The total number of confirmed cases in Wenzhou surpasses Beijing, Shanghai as well as Chongqing, which neighbors Hubei province, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, making the city become the one with the most confirmed cases outside of Hubei. The daily data released on the website shows the number of the confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus in Wenzhou has kept increasing since Jan 27. With a population of 9.25 million, Wenzhou boasts a population density of 774 per square kilometer, 5.5 times greater than the average population density of China and 1.4 times more than that in Zhejiang province. In the most populated Lucheng district of the city, the population density reaches 4,399 per square kilometer, increasing the risk of spreading the novel coronavirus. In addition, statistics show a total of 180,000 people from Wenzhou either do business or study in Wuhan, where the novel coronavirus was first reported. The increasing number of confirmed cases is related to the number of people who returned to Wenzhou from Wuhan, Tang Xiaoshu, vice-mayor of Wenzhou said at a news briefing on Jan 29. The city has seen 33,000 people from Wuhan returning to Wenzhou as of Jan 29. Wenzhou has been sparing no efforts to prevent and control the spread of the novel coronavirus. By Jan 29, Wenzhou had assembled a team of 37 medical experts for diagnosing and treating patients, Tang said. A total of eight patients in the city have been cured and discharged from the hospital as of Jan 31.
WS5e34e17aa310128217273f71	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e34e17aa310128217273f71.html	2020-02-01	Zhejiang sees decline in new coronavirus cases as total rises to 599	A volunteer carries free vegetables to the kitchen of a medical observation site in Nanxun District of Huzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, Jan 31, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Zhejiang in East China, the second-most severely hit province in China affected by the novel coronavirus after Hubei province, witnessed a major decrease in its number of new confirmed cases on Saturday, thanks to the thorough and effective measures adopted by the provincial authority in its fight against the disease throughout the province. Zhejiang reported 62 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus as of midnight on Jan 31, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 599. Among the new confirmed cases, 13 were in Hangzhou, 14 in Wenzhou, 14 in Taizhou and 9 in Ningbo. So far, 15 patients have been cured and discharged from hospitals throughout the province. Zhang Ping, director of the Zhejiang Provincial Health Commission, previously said that 33 counties within Zhejiang have reported no newly added cases for two consecutive days, signaling a turning point has emerged in parts of Zhejiang in its fight against the novel coronavirus. "This shows a turning point has emerged in part of Zhejiang, with most areas to follow suit in the upcoming days," he said at a news conference on Thursday.
WS5e34d84ba310128217273f5a	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e34d84ba310128217273f5a.html	2020-02-01	Shanghai adds 18 new coronavirus cases, total at 153	    The Shanghai Health Commission reported another 18 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Jan 31, with the total number of confirmed cases coming at 153.   According to the municipal health authority, six of the 18 recently confirmed cases are people from other provinces, while the rest are all local residents.   Meanwhile, 51 suspected cases were eliminated on Jan 31, with the total number of eliminated cases at 296 as of Jan 31.   Of all the confirmed cases reported in Shanghai so far, 75 are male and 78 are female. The oldest patient is 88 years old and the youngest 7. A total of 101 patients have lived in or traveled to Hubei province and another 48 patients have close personal contact with other people diagnosed with the new respiratory disease.   At present, 134 patients are in stable condition, six are in critical condition and three under intensive care, according to the Shanghai Health Commission. Nine patients have been cured and discharged from the hospital. One death has been reported so far. Another 167 suspected cases are under observation.  
WS5e34d640a310128217273f4d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e34d640a310128217273f4d.html	2020-02-01	Novel coronavirus cases rise to 11,791	Security inspector measures a passenger's temperature at Lanzhou railway station in Lanzhou, Northwest China's Gunsu province, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The total number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus climbed to 11,791 as of Friday midnight, including 259 deaths and 243 who had recovered and been discharged from the hospital, according to the National Health Commission. A total of 17, 988 suspected cases were reported as of Friday. At present, 136,987 close contacts of confirmed cases had been tracked, and among them, 118,478 are under medical observation while 6,509 such people were freed from observation on Friday. Hubei province, the center of the outbreak, reported 1,347 new confirmed cases and 45 new deaths on Friday, bringing the two numbers up to 7,153 and 249 respectively, according to the province’s health commission. A total of 6,738 confirmed cases, including 956 with severe symptoms and 338 in critical condition in the province, are receiving treatment in isolation at designated medical institutions. The provincial commission said that 41,075 close contacts of the infected are being tracked and 36,838 of them are under medical observation.
WS5e34c8d0a310128217273f06	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e34c8d0a310128217273f06.html	2020-02-01	Impact of coronavirus on real estate market will not 'last long'	Potential homebuyers look at property models in Nantong, Jiangsu province. [Photo by Xu Jinbai/For China Daily] The Chinese real estate market is expected to see pressure from sales in the short term this year as the novel coronavirus outbreak has curbed demand and offline sales, although the impact is not likely to last over the long term, industry experts said. The Spring Festival holiday is traditionally a warm-up season for housing, especially in third-and fourth-tier cities, as some buyers who cannot afford a house in big cities where they work may turn to their hometown instead. Real estate companies often offer discounts and promotional deals to boost sales at this time. However, the contagious disease, which had infected 9,692 people and claimed 213 lives on the Chinese mainland as of early Friday, has restrained demand and reduced economic activities like consumption and investment, said Liang Qidong, vice-president of the Liaoning Provincial Academy of Social Sciences. Housing sales from migrant professionals and workers during this period will see a significant drop and the warm season may be postponed to the second quarter of this year, Zhang Bo, chief analyst of Anjuke, a Chinese property portal, told the National Business Daily. Selling and marketing activities have also declined. The China Real Estate Association proposed on Jan 26 that property operators suspend business at their offline sales offices in order to prevent human-to-human transmission and contain the further spread of the virus. So far, more than 50 cities have answered the call, including Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. The other cities include Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Chengdu and Nanjing, data from the China Index Academy showed. About 30 provincial-level regions in the country have activated their first-level emergency response to the novel coronavirus outbreak. The suspension of group activities is a method taken by many local governments. Real estate brands such as Country Garden, Sino-Ocean, China Jinmao, Vanke and Yuexiu have also announced the closure of their sales offices in some cities. Liu Bo, an analyst with consultancy Roland Berger, said in the short term, the prevention and control of the outbreak would influence construction and sales of real estate projects. It would also pose challenges for property companies that rely on a high turnover rate. "Besides, top companies may choose to give deep discounts to boost sales, which will squeeze the market space for small-and medium-sized companies," he added. More property operators such as China Fortune Land Development, Sunac China and Yango have turned to online marketing channels like WeChat mini-programs so that clients can see the floor plan, photos and learn details through phone or online consulting services. Yan Yuejin, research director at the E-house China R&D Institute, said the measure helps prevent the gathering of people and make marketing more flexible. He added, though, that the main factor to influence the development of property market has not changed, but the temporary closures would not have a big impact on full-year sales. Yingda Securities Chief Economist Li Daxiao said as the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus have entered a key period, their impact on some business activities is inevitable. But the economist pointed out that the "adjustment of policies, as well as the steady recovery of housing sales and prices, can also be expected". Ji Wei, a founding managing partner of Meridian Capital, said as the outbreak has raised concerns about health and safety, industries that rely on offline interactions will be more affected in terms of revenue and cash flow. She suggests companies adjust policies toward human resources, business focus and marketing methods to reduce the impact to a minimum.
WS5e348300a310128217273ec2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e348300a310128217273ec2.html	2020-02-01	Canada's first coronavirus patient discharged from hospital	A patient in Canada who was being treated for the Coronavirus was discharged from hospital on Friday after his condition improved, according to health officials. The man, who was in his 50s was the first person confirmed to have caught the virus in Canada. He was being treated at Toronto Sunnybrook Hospital. The deadly coronavirus has killed 213 people in China and led to over 9,692 confirmed cases in the Asian country. It is also spreading worldwide infecting 10,000 people. A spokesman for Toronto Sunnybrook Hospital said that the man's condition had improved throughout the week, and "he no longer required in-patient care." The hospital has liaised with Toronto Public Health and both will continue to monitor the patient at home. The man, who has not been named, was taken to the Sunnybrook Hospital the day after he returned from travelling in Wuhan, on January 23. His wife also tested positive for the virus, known as 2019-nCoV, but has been recovering at home in self-isolation. Canada is investigating at least 17 other people for possible coronavirus infection, according to Ontario health officials, down from the 27 reported a day earlier. No further positive cases have been reported. Those under investigation, have either been brought to a hospital for treatment or ordered to self-isolate in their homes, officials said. A third Canadian case of 2019-nCoV was confirmed in British Columbia. Dr. Michael Gardam, chief of staff at Humber River Hospital told Canadian media that there is no reason to believe the illness will begin spreading in Canada. He said: "The risk right now, in Toronto or in Canada, for the general public ... is zero."
WS5e34815ea310128217273ebd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202002/01/WS5e34815ea310128217273ebd.html	2020-02-01	Overseas Chinese communities in Britain donate to fight coronavirus in China	Overseas Chinese communities in Britain have been donating money and medical supplies to help the fight against the novel coronavirus in China. "As long as China is in trouble, they are always willing to share with the motherland," said Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the UK, at a donation ceremony held at the Chinese embassy in London on Friday.
WS5e34432ca310128217273e94	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e34432ca310128217273e94.html	2020-01-31	State groups offer free services to help fight against coronavirus	China's State-owned enterprises, also known as SOEs have offered 18 free services including air cargo transportation of qualified epidemic control materials, power charging for epidemic prevention vehicles and disinfection of medical aid across the country to combat the outbreak of pneumonia caused by the coronavirus. Centrally-administered pharmaceutical SOEs were asked to accelerate production of test kits and medical appliances to ensure sufficient supplies, according to the state-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. In addition to donating nearly 1.76 billion yuan of financial support to Central China's Hubei province and other regions by Friday, central SOEs from the construction, civil aviation, foodstuff, salt, energy and power sectors have all taken multiple measures including building hospitals, increasing food supplies, and boosting the productivity for manufacturing epidemic prevention and control materials to win the battle against the epidemic. About eleven SOE hospitals and 6,000 medical personnel have participated in the front-line prevention of the disease in Hubei, according to the country's top State assets regulator.
WS5e342e74a310128217273e89	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e342e74a310128217273e89.html	2020-01-31	Village doctor confirmed for coronavirus without symptoms	A village doctor in Liaoning's Chaoyang city was confirmed as an asymptomatic case of novel coronavirus infection on Thursday. The 48-year-old village doctor, surnamed Cao in Pingfang village, gave medical treatment to a female patient with cough who returned from Wuhan city in Hubei, the epicenter of the outbreak, during the past two weeks. Local disease control authorities located the patient and also brought the village doctor for further inspection. Cao was later confirmed as an asymptomatic case of the novel coronavirus infection, as she has no symptoms like fever or cough. Currently, the asymptomatic patient has been isolated and is under observation in the local designated hospital.
WS5e341e44a310128217273e78	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e341e44a310128217273e78.html	2020-01-31	Nanjing releases first coronavirus patients	Nanjing of East China's Jiangsu province released its first two novel coronavirus patients on Friday. The two patients received treatment at Nanjing Public Health Center. They had no fever and tested negative for the virus repeatedly before they were discharged. So far, five people infected with novel coronavirus have been released from hospitals in Jiangsu province. Jiangsu reported 39 new novel coronavirus cases as of midnight on Jan 30, bringing the total number to 168.
WS5e33f7a8a310128217273e2e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e33f7a8a310128217273e2e.html	2020-01-31	First coronavirus cases confirmed in UK	Health service 'has plans in place', public are assured Two members of the same family have tested positive for the first confirmed cases of coronavirus in the United Kingdom, Public Health England announced. No more details, such as in what part of the country the patients live, or where they might have been travelling, have been revealed. Chief Medical Officer Chris Whitty, said: "The patients are receiving specialist NHS care, and we are using tried and tested infection control procedures to prevent further spread of the virus." He added that the National Health Service is "extremely well-prepared and used to managing infections and we are already working rapidly to identify any contacts the patients had, to prevent further spread. "We have been preparing for UK cases of novel coronavirus and we have robust infection control measures in place to respond immediately," he continued, adding that the UK is working closely with the World Health Organization and the international community "as the outbreak in China develops, to ensure we are ready for all eventualities".
WS5e33d487a310128217273e05	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e33d487a310128217273e05.html	2020-01-31	Jilin coronavirus patient released after recovery	People wear masks at Beijing South Railway Station in Beijing on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] The first patient infected with novel coronavirus in Northeast China's Jilin province has recovered and was discharged from a hospital in Changchun on Thursday, according to the province's health commission. The female patient was hospitalized on Jan 19, when she had serious inflammation in her lungs after returning from Wuhan, Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak. She was then diagnosed with a severe case of the novel coronavirus. After medical treatment, the patient's health condition has improved, with no fever symptoms and her inflammation has been largely reduced. According to the Changchun Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the patient tested negative for the novel coronavirus three consecutive times over the past three days, and was allowed to go home according to the newest medical standards. As of Friday at noon, Jilin province had 14 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus, including one severe case.
WS5e33d38da310128217273e01	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e33d38da310128217273e01.html	2020-01-31	China's fight against coronavirus buys world time, says Mexican expert	A medical employee works at the department of infectious diseases in Wuhan Union Hospital, to combat the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] MEXICO CITY -- China's efforts to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV has bought crucial time for other countries to get prepared, a Mexican infectious disease expert has said. Alejandro Macias, Mexico's former national commissioner in charge of fighting the 2009 swine flu pandemic, said early this week that China has handled the virus outbreak with transparency and allotted the resources needed to prevent its spread. "They are also working so that if this gets out of China, the rest of the world has some time to respond," said Macias, professor at the University of Guanajuato. In China, measures have been put in place nationwide to curb the spread of the virus. In its efforts, the virus-hit central Chinese city of Wuhan has suspended local public transport means and banned non-essential motor vehicles from its downtown area. China's health authorities reported 9,692 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus nationwide and resulting 213 deaths in total by the end of Thursday. A total of 171 people had been discharged from hospital after recovery.
WS5e33baf8a310128217273dd7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e33baf8a310128217273dd7.html	2020-01-31	393 total coronavirus cases confirmed in Guangdong	According to statistics released by the Guangdong Provincial Commission of Health, Guangdong had detected a total of 393 novel coronavirus cases by the end of Thursday. The province confirmed 82 new cases on Thursday alone, including 27 in Guangzhou, 24 in Shenzhen, eight in Zhuhai, seven in Foshan, two in Shanwei, nine in Dongguan, two in Zhongshan, two in Zhanjiang and one in Zhaoqing. Meanwhile three were discharged from hospitals on Thursday. And a total of 1,950 people who once contacted with novel coronavirus patients are now under medical observation in the province.
WS5e33aedaa310128217273db7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e33aedaa310128217273db7.html	2020-01-31	HK customs seize 68,000 fake masks, coronavirus cases hit 12	This photo shows the 68,000 surgical masks with suspected false manufacturing date seized by Hong Kong customs from a pharmacy in Mong Kok, Hong Kong, on Jan 30, 2020. [PHOTO / INFORMATION SERVICES DEPARTMENT, HKSAR] HONG KONG – Hong Kong reported its 11th and 12th cases of the novel coronavirus on Friday, a day after customs seized 68,000 surgical masks with a suspected false manufacturing date. The Department of Health said on Friday that two more people had tested positive for the virus, bringing the confirmed cases in the city to 12. The 11th case involved a 37-year-old woman residing at Coronation in Yau Ma Tei who is the daughter of the ninth and tenth people in Hong Kong confirmed to have been infected, according to a press release issued by the department on Friday. She had stayed at W Hong Kong with her parents from Jan 22 to 28 and visited The Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong and Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong. She accompanied her parents to Queen Mary Hospital on Tuesday and then returned home. She had not visited any wet market or seafood market during the incubation period. She is now in stable condition. Another case involved a 75-year-old man residing in Hong Mei House, Cheung Hong Estate in Tsing Yi. He developed cough and shortness of breath on Jan 22 and sought treatment at Princess Margaret Hospital on Jan 24. He is now in a stable condition and being treated in isolation at Princess Margaret Hospital. According to the patient's information, he visited Shunde in Guangdong province from Dec 30 last year to Jan 7 this year and sought treatment at a clinic there. He took day trips to Macao from Jan 10 to 14. His wife, daughter and son are asymptomatic and will be transferred to Lady MacLehose Holiday Village for quarantine, according to the department. On Thursday, Hong Kong customs seized surgical masks with a manufacturing date of March 2020 at a pharmacy on Nelson Street in Mong Kok. They were packed in boxes, each containing 50 pieces priced at HK$280, with a market value of about HK$380,000. A 27-year-old man in charge of the shop has been arrested. The customs said it would look into the sources of the seizure and send samples to the government laboratory for safety tests. The department launched a citywide special operation on Jan 27 to inspect retail spots in different districts that sell surgical masks. So far, more than 1,300 of those spots have been inspected. The customs reminded people to pay attention to the information on the mask packages, including the manufacturing and expiry dates, and check them for any dirt or signs of use before making purchases. Customers are also advised to purchase masks at reputable shops.
WS5e33a98ca310128217273da2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e33a98ca310128217273da2.html	2020-01-31	UN envoy calls for 'solidarity' on coronavirus outbreak	Zhang Jun, China’s permanent representative to the United Nations, addresses large media gathering at UN headquarters Thursday in New York. He provided a briefing on measures China has taken in controlling and preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus. [HONG XIAO / CHINA DAILY] China's top envoy to the United Nations appealed to the international community Thursday for "solidarity" in dealing with the coronavirus outbreak. Zhang Jun, China's permanent representative to the UN, said that in this difficult time it is crucial that the international community be united. He addressed a large media gathering at UN headquarters in New York and provided a briefing on measures China has taken in controlling and preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus. On Thursday, World Health Organization Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus declared the coronavirus a public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC). The virus had killed 213 people on the Chinese mainland as of Friday morning. Zhang emphasized that the director-general said the main reason for the declaration is "not because of what is happening in China, but because of what is happening in other countries". The organization's greatest concern is "the potential for the virus to spread to countries with weaker health systems, and which are ill-prepared to deal with it". "WHO continues to have confidence in China's capacity to control the outbreak", Zhang said, in quoting Tedros, and said "there is no reason for measures that unnecessarily interfere with international travel and trade". Zhang Jun, China’s permanent representative to the United Nations, addresses large media gathering at UN headquarters Thursday in New York. He provided a briefing on measures China has taken in controlling and preventing the spread of the novel coronavirus. [HONG XIAO / CHINA DAILY] Tedros also pointed out that the WHO doesn't recommend limiting trade and movement. Zhang said the "director-general's recommendations should be seriously considered". Zhang called for all countries to adopt a responsible attitude, work together to combat the virus, and avoid overreaction. He told the reporters that the Chinese government has always put the lives, health and security of the people first. The government has already adopted "rapid, powerful and scientific" measures. Right now, "the whole nation is in action", Zhang said, adding that China will spare no effort to save lives and curb the virus' spread. "As WHO Director-General Tedros said, China's response is unprecedented," Zhang said. "China has demonstrated its speed, strength and effectiveness and won praise from the international community. "We are confident, and we do think we are capable of defeating this virus and making our lives normal again," the envoy said. "As the situation remains challenging, meanwhile, the measures we have taken are becoming effective, and we are really making progress," he said. He told the media that medical teams from other provinces have arrived in Central China's Hubei province, whose provincial capital, Wuhan, is the epicenter of the outbreak.  Medical supplies are being delivered; new hospitals are being built. Zhang said that more than 130 patients have been treated and discharged, including people in their 80s. Moreover, with strict measures controlling the movement of people, the momentum of the virus is being curbed inside and outside China. He said that China has been "open, transparent and responsible" in communications about the outbreak. Zhang said State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi has had telephone conversations with his foreign counterparts, and that foreign embassies and consulates will be kept informed through various channels. Journalists from nearly 20 media organizations, including China Daily, Xinhua News Agency, The Associated Press, AFP, Reuters, Kyodo News, Tass, Bloomberg, Al Jazeera and RIA Novosti attended the briefing.
WS5e339c5aa310128217273d62	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e339c5aa310128217273d62.html	2020-01-31	Wuhan on way to victory over coronavirus	Aerial photo taken on March 26, 2018 shows cherry blossoms at the East Lake in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo/Xinhua] A new and evolving form of coronavirus struck China, with its epicenter in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province. Chinese medical sources believe that the location of this virus is from the Huanan Market which sold seafood. Huanan Market is one of the most prominent landmarks of Wuhan, and it is known that this place is crowded with visitors throughout the year, including merchants, shoppers, tourists and students. Wuhan, one of the oldest Chinese cities with some of the most historic educational institutions such as Wuhan University, is also home to global manufacturing companies. Wuhan has become a popular destination for tourists from all over the world because of its beautiful climate, wonderful nature and ancient history, in addition to its people, who are estimated to number about 11 million in the city. Chinese authorities, in cooperation with the relevant medical teams, are taking the necessary measures to control the virus. A curfew was announced in Wuhan, transportation was suspended, and there was extensive field medical work done throughout Wuhan coinciding with the announcement of the curfew. Wuhan is currently on high alert and the medical workers are ready to face extreme conditions. This situation is not only within Wuhan but in many major Chinese cities such as Beijing, Zhejiang and Guangzhou where infections of this virus have been detected. The Chinese state has promised to fight this new virus until it is completely eradicated, and I am fully confident of China's capabilities and promises. China today is not suffering, but it is going through a sensitive stage and it will be much stronger than before. This virus has spread into many countries such as Thailand, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam and the United States, and it is likely that the spread of this virus in these countries is due to air transport. The most important is that all residents in China, and in Wuhan in particular, must exercise caution. It is important to emphasize personal and home hygiene by washing hands frequently, ventilating rooms and cleaning places of residence, and it is necessary to wear a mask when going out to public places. Every person must measure their body temperature on a daily basis and take vitamins such as vitamin C. Wuhan is my city, place of residence and study. I wish that the name of this city was not associated with a virus, but soon Wuhan will recover and attract tourists, students and nature lovers once again, and the beautiful Wuhan will always remain the most beautiful in our eyes. Despite the disease that afflicted this city, it will remain the strongest because Wuhan is a city worthy of life and joy. This is my message to my friends in Wuhan, to be patient and face this misfortune with high spirits, strength and courage. Rest assured that very soon this problem will end and this virus will be eliminated; it is only a matter of time. The author is a PhD candidate at the School of Politics and International Studies (SPIS), Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China. His research focuses on the Belt and Road Initiative and the Chinese presence in the Middle East, especially in Lebanon.
WS5e33873da310128217273d29	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e33873da310128217273d29.html	2020-01-31	Shanghai reports 16 new coronavirus cases, with total at 128	Shanghai announced on Friday that 16 new cases of infection caused by the novel coronavirus were confirmed on the previous day, bringing the total confirmed cases in the municipality to 128 by midnight Thursday, according to the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission. Seven of the newly confirmed patients were from other provinces, including one from Anhui province to visit relatives, and the rest are residents of the municipality. According to the health commission, patients in Shanghai infected with the virus range in age from 7 to 88. Sixty-seven of these patients are men, 70 are Shanghai residents and 84 had recently lived in or traveled to Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province. Presently, 117 patients are in stable condition, five are in critical condition and five have been cured and discharged from the hospital. There has only been one fatality in Shanghai so far. In addition, there are currently 164 people who are under medical quarantine and observation.
WS5e338442a310128217273d1f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/31/WS5e338442a310128217273d1f.html	2020-01-31	Confirmed, suspected novel coronavirus cases continue to rise	A medical worker in hazmat suit speaks with suspected patients at Wuhan Union Hospital. [Photo by Tao Jidong/chinadaily.com.cn] Both confirmed and suspected infections of the novel coronavirus continued to increase on Thursday, according to data released by the National Health Commission on Friday morning. On the Chinese mainland, the total number of confirmed infections of the virus climbed to 9,692 as of Thursday midnight, including 213 deaths. Among them, 1,982 cases and 43 deaths were newly reported on Thursday, official data shows. There were also 4,812 new suspected cases reported on Thursday, pushing the total number of suspected infections to 15,238, according to the commission. A day ago, the commission reported 4,148 new suspected cases, which suggests that the disease is still spreading. While a total of 1,527 patients remain in serious condition, 171 people have been released from hospitals after getting cured, the commission said. A total of 102,427 people that have had close contact with infected patients are still under medical observation, though 4,201 such people were freed from observation on Thursday.  The number of confirmed infections in the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions and Taiwan province had risen to 28 in total, according to the commission. Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, reported 1,220 new confirmed cases and 42 new deaths on Thursday, bringing the two numbers up to 5,806 and 204 respectively, according to the province's health commission. A total of 5,486 people sickened by the virus in the province are still being hospitalized. Among them, 804 people have serious symptoms and 290 are in critical condition, the provincial commission said.  It also said medical observation continues on 32,340 people.
WS5e32f35da310128217273bec	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e32f35da310128217273bec.html	2020-01-30	Hubei improves efficiency with coronavirus testing	Hubei province has accelerated its verification process of cases of the novel coronavirus within a wider effort to release more resources to care for patients confirmed to have contracted the disease, Jiang Chaoliang, Party chief of the province, said on Thursday night. Jiang told a daily news conference in Wuhan, the capital city of Hubei and the outbreak center of theepidemic, that the number of sample tests conducted in hospitals across the province increased to around 4,000 per day from 200 a few days before. Jiang said local hospitals are speeding up the verification of suspected cases to release medical resources away from people with regular flu or ordinary fever. With limited medical supplies available, the province has encouraged local medical enterprises to restart production, according to Hubei Vice-Governor Cao Guangjing. "Now, two enterprises producing protective suits and two producing N95 masks have begun production," he said. He added that process channels had been opened up to ensure the transport of the supplies. About 20,000 productive suits will be produced within two or three days in Hubei, Cao added.
WS5e32a6f1a310128217273ba1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e32a6f1a310128217273ba1.html	2020-01-30	President Xi's remarks on novel coronavirus	None
WS5e32a371a310128217273b99	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e32a371a310128217273b99.html	2020-01-30	Philippines confirms 1st novel coronavirus case	MANILA - Philippine Health Secretary Francisco Duque confirmed on Thursday that a 38-year-old Chinese female was tested positive for the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), the first novel coronavirus case in the Philippines. Duque told a news conference that the woman arrived in the Philippines from Wuhan, China, via Hong Kong on Jan 21. The patient was admitted to a government hospital on Jan 25 after experiencing a mild cough, he said. "She is currently asymptomatic, which means she has no fever and no other signs and symptoms suggesting illness at this point," Duque added. He said the Department of Health "continues to guarantee the public that all necessary precautionary measures are being taken to hold the spread of the virus." The Chinese woman is among the 23 "persons under investigation" (PUIs) or patients, mostly Chinese nationals, in Metro Manila, central Philippines and northern Mindanao in the southern Philippines.
WS5e32a235a310128217273b91	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e32a235a310128217273b91.html	2020-01-30	Grassroots support needed for coronavirus fight in Beijing	A worker sprays disinfectant at a residential community in Beijing on Jan 30, 2020. [Photo by Zhang Wei/China Daily] Beijing encouraged residents and volunteers to participate in the fight against the novel coronavirus, and is organizing community-level prevention work groups to gradually move people to and from Central China's Hubei province. The capital's municipal government said in a released document on Thursday that the city's confirmed coronavirus pneumonia cases had risen recently and showed a trend of spreading. Lei Haichao, director of the Beijing Municipal Health Commission, said in a press conference held by the capital's municipal government on Thursday morning once a novel coronavirus pneumonia case is confirmed in a community, or two cases are confirmed in a family or a unit, close medical observation should be conducted with the families and resident buildings. Service personnel at street and community level should closely follow those residents' health conditions and report to health departments regularly, he said. Beijing plans to establish a reporting system at different levels and strengthen inspection on people who came from regions which have a large amount of confirmed cases, according to a government document. In addition, Beijing established a specific inspection system for the capital's resident communities to divide people who arrived in Beijing in recent days into groups to reduce the risks of the spread of coronavirus. All communities and villages received information on people in the area who had traveled to Hubei province or had close contact with those who went to these areas, and need to put those residents under quarantine indoors for 14 days. Basic living guarantees should be provided to them, and close medical observation should also be conducted for them at home. They also need to wear masks when outside. Once clinical symptoms like fever, fatigue or dry cough appear, involved communities and villages need to immediately report to county-level governments. Residents should visit nearby medical institutions for further examination, the document read. By 8 am on Thursday, 114 people in Beijing were diagnosed with the disease, with one dead according to the Beijing Municipal Health Commission. Three new cases were confirmed between Wednesday evening and Thursday morning. Workers registers a man at the entrance to a residential compound in Beijing on Jan 30, 2020. [Photo by Zhang Wei/China Daily] An express deliveryman wearing face mask on the way to deliver a meal in Beijing on Jan 30, 2020. [Photo by Zhang Wei/China Daily] People wearing masks are seen in Beijing on Jan 30, 2020. [Photo by Zhang Wei/China Daily]
WS5e3290a1a310128217273b7c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e3290a1a310128217273b7c.html	2020-01-30	11 new cases of coronavirus confirmed in Shanghai	Eleven new cases of the novel coronavirus were confirmed in the last 12 hours as of noon on Thursday, bringing the total confirmed cases in Shanghai to 112, director of the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission Wu Jinglei said at a daily press briefing. Three of the newly confirmed patients are from Central China's Hubei province, the epicenter of the virus outbreak. The remaining eight patients are Shanghai residents. According to the health commission, patients in Shanghai infected with the virus range from ages 7 to 88. Sixty of these patients are men, 61 are Shanghai residents and 78 had recently lived in or traveled to Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province. One patient had traveled to Guangdong province recently and consumed wild animals. Presently, 102 patients are in stable condition, four are in critical condition and five have been cured and discharged from the hospital. There has only been one fatality in Shanghai so far. In addition, there are currently 199 people who are under medical quarantine and observation.  
WS5e328d7ca310128217273b77	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e328d7ca310128217273b77.html	2020-01-30	Tianjin offers guidelines, hotlines for foreigners to combate novel coronavirus	Government authorities in Tianjin on Tuesday began providing guidelines to foreigners living in the city to help them deal with the recent coronavirus outbreak after the arrival of an infected flight from Malaysia with a number of foreigners aboard. Eighty-six passengers and crew members aboard Malindo Air Flight OD688 from Sabah, Malaysia — which arrived in Tianjin on Saturday — were isolated after landing on Saturday. Three people aboard had developed fevers during the flight. Two people on the flight have now been confirmed as having the novel coronavirus, one of whom had traveled from Wuhan, Hubei province, to Malaysia and was en route home. Of the passengers, 31 were residents of Wuhan, the outbreak’s epicenter, and 48 were from other places, according to Jinyun News. The flight had seven crew members. Sixteen Malaysian and Bolivian passengers were among those isolated and placed under observation in a hotel in Tianjin’s Dongli district, triggering concerns by foreigners in the city. As of Tuesday, the city had confirmed 27 cases of the novel virus. Authorities in charge of foreign experts in the Tianjin Municipal Science and Technology Bureau released a guideline for foreigners and published a public telephone hotline — 86-022-58832998. The guideline lists specific steps for foreigners to get rapid medical service. Yu Xuefeng, head of the foreign experts division of the bureau, told China Daily that foreigners can call the hotline for help, or use a WeChat account dedicated to medical services that has been in use since 2016. Connecting to the WeChat channel requires proficiency in Chinese, and a foreigner may need assistance. “We expect them to carefully read the bilingual guidelines to help raise their protection awareness and relieve their worries,” she said. The local foreign affairs office also released a public letter for foreigners living and traveling in Tianjin on Wednesday. It listed a 24-hour hotline — 022-58368675 — along with prevention guidelines and hospital telephone numbers. No phone call has been received from foreigners so far, it said. A Pakistani and two Australians had been diagnosed with the coronavirus as of Wednesday afternoon in Guangzhou, Guangdong province. Guangzhou also released a public letter and multilingual language service hotlines for foreigners to get answers. On Tuesday, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said in a telephone call with French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian that China has made the lives and health of both Chinese people and foreigners its top priority in Wuhan, Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak. That priority has been made clear to surrounding cities in Hubei, authorities said. According to Zhang Shixi, vice-director of the Dongli district health committee in Tianjin, the foreign travelers on the flight from Malaysia are under strict observation and are being provided with high-level medical services. So far, no other passengers have developed fevers, Zhang said. The hotel is receiving regular sterilizations, and the district is providing water, food, cleaning and living supplies, and all trash is being disposed of carefully, Zhang said. By Yang Cheng in Tianjin yangcheng@chinadaily.com.cn
WS5e327bcca310128217273b5b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e327bcca310128217273b5b.html	2020-01-30	Zhejiang adds 132 new coronavirus cases, total up to 428	A staff member disinfects a market in Hangzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] East China's Zhejiang province reported 132 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus as of midnight Jan 29, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the province to 428. Among the newly confirmed cases, 18 were in Hangzhou, 58 in Wenzhou, 24 in Taizhou and 21 in Ningbo. So far, a total of 7,629 people are currently under close medical observation throughout the province. In Hangzhou, two 24-hour telephone hotlines were launched to provide residents with psychological consulting services and promote knowledge to combat the novel coronavirus. The city reported 18 new confirmed cases as of midnight on Jan 29, bringing the total number of confirmed patients to 69.
WS5e327ac9a310128217273b56	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e327ac9a310128217273b56.html	2020-01-30	US companies pitch in to fight coronavirus	Medical materials are seen at the Wuhan Tianhe International Airport in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] As China grapples with the coronavirus outbreak, some US companies have offered a helping hand. Large multinationals with operations in China have collectively donated roughly $1.4 million in cash and items to the Chinese Red Cross and authorities in Hubei province battling the epidemic, Forbes reported Wednesday. Microsoft China announced Sunday it would donate 1 million yuan ($145,000) to the Hubei Red Cross Foundation for relief efforts. The company said it would also start to mobilize employees to donate, and cooperate with partners to continue to provide relevant departments with cloud computing, data analysis and artificial intelligence technology support. Agribusiness company Cargill committed 2 million yuan ($289,000) to China’s Red Cross to support the construction of Wuhan Huoshenshan Hospital, an emergency specialty field hospital currently under rapid construction in response to epidemic. In addition, the Minnesota-based company said it would also donate 1 million yuan worth of protective materials to help address a severe shortage of such items in China. Intel announced Wednesday it would donate $1 million to the International Committee of the Red Cross. The donation will support the Red Cross’ work in providing necessary medical supplies and treating infected patients. Computer maker Dell committed to 2 million yuan donation on Monday. On Lunar New Year’s Eve (Jan 24), employees of Dell China donated 300,000 yuan collectively in just three hours. Apple CEO Tim Cook posted to Twitter on Saturday that the iPhone maker would send its "love and support" to everyone impacted by the coronavirus. According to Cook, Apple will be donating to "groups on the ground helping support all of those affected". The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced Sunday that it would commit $10 million to help first responders in China and Africa, including $5 million for international cooperation, treatment and vaccine development. Qualcomm announced on its LinkedIn page that it will donate 7 million yuan ($1 million) to relief agencies in China in support of efforts against the virus. The San Diego, California-based semiconductor and telecom equipment company posted that "Our thoughts go out to all those affected." To help stay ahead of a potential pandemic, Johnson & Johnson initiated vaccine development and will provide supplies of antiviral medicines to China for investigational use. J&J announced Wednesday that "it is mobilizing resources to launch a multi-pronged response" to the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak. The company has initiated efforts to develop a coronavirus vaccine candidate and broadly collaborate with others to screen a library of antiviral therapies, according to a press release. "The company has a long-standing commitment to fight emerging epidemics," said Paul Stoffels, vice-chairman of the executive committee and chief scientific officer at J&J said in a news release. "Our experience in helping to address epidemics, coupled with our expertise in respiratory illnesses, uniquely positions us to address the latest coronavirus outbreak," Stoffels said. J&J also is donating 300 boxes of its HIV medication Prezcobix to the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center and Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University for use in research to support efforts in finding a solution against the coronavirus. Prezcobix is a prescription medicine licensed in many countries, including China, for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1). It has not been proven safe and effective for the treatment of 2019-nCoV, and further investigations are required. Other drugmakers such as AbbVie are racing to add more potential weapons to the arsenal. The Illinois-based biopharmaceutical company announced last Friday that it is donating more than $1 million worth of Aluvia, an HIV drug, to help combat the coronavirus outbreak in China. China’s National Health Commission earlier suggested Aluvia, a pill containing lopinavir and ritonavir, as one of two possible treatments for the symptoms of the virus in the absence of effective antiviral medications. The other part is nebulized alpha-interferon, Reuters reported. As the donations from the US continue to rise, "I think we all realize potentially this outbreak is not limited to Wuhan, Hubei or China," said Craig Allen, president of the US-China Business Council, a private, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization in Washington representing more than 200 American companies doing business with China. He told China Daily that many US companies were concerned about the epidemic because many of them are connected to some degree with Wuhan, a manufacturing hub and the capital of Hubei province, where the outbreak started. "Never in world history did I know of so many people being quarantined. This is a hard job," Allen said. Allen said the council is now working with the Chinese embassy and the Red Cross in China for possible further help. "If we can work together on it to control it earlier, the cost will be lower. But if we can’t, the cost could be much, much, much higher," he said.
WS5e3274a4a310128217273b43	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e3274a4a310128217273b43.html	2020-01-30	Expert: Keep pets away from coronavirus sources	A man walks a Shiba Inu dog in Tianjin, June 4, 2019. [Photo/IC] Li Lanjuan, an epidemiologist and a member of the high-level expert team on the novel coronavirus convened by the National Health Commission, said that people should try to keep their pets away from virus sources because the disease is transmitted from mammal to mammal.  "If pets go out and have contact with an infected person, they have the chance to get infected. By then, pets need to be isolated. In addition to people, we should be careful with other mammals especially pets," she said in an interview with China Central Television on Wednesday. The World Health Organization currently believes there is no evidence pets are infected with the novel coronavirus.      
WS5e32732da310128217273b3d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e32732da310128217273b3d.html	2020-01-30	Tibet reports 1 confirmed novel coronavirus case	A medical worker takes the temperature of a local resident in Lhasa, Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, on Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/www.chinanews.com] The Tibet autonomous region reported one confirmed case of the novel coronavirus on Wednesday, the first in the region, according to local authorities. Tibet is the last region in China to report cases of the novel coronavirus. The region on Wednesday activated the highest level of public health alert, and it became the last region on the mainland to activate the Level-I alert of public health incidents. The region's health authorities reported the first suspected case of the novel coronavirus on Tuesday, and the case was sent to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention for confirmation immediately. The patient surnamed Zhang, 34, is a male resident of Suizhou, Hubei province. He took a train for two days and arrived at Lhasa on Jan 24 via the Wuchang station in the Hubei provincial capital. On Jan 25, he was admitted to a local designated hospital for isolation and treatment, according to a statement from local health authorities. Zhang was confirmed as having a case of the novel coronavirus pneumonia, following medical tests by the region's center for disease control and prevention and confirmation of the results by the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention afterwards, as well as based on diagnostic features of the patient and the judgment of the region's experts. Currently, Zhang is under medication in the region's designated hospital, and he is in stable condition, and those who made close contact with the patient have been isolated and are under medical observation. In order to avoid further disease transmission, Lhasa health authorities have spread out statements on various social media networks to try to trace all passengers who took the same trains with the patient between the period of Jan 22 and 24. According to the statement, Zhang took the Z264 train from Wuchang in Wuhan province at 11 pm on Jan 22, and he arrived in Xining of Qinghai province at 7:11 pm on Jan 23. At 7:31 pm on Jan 23, he took the Z265 train from Xining, and he arrived in Lhasa at 4:45 pm on Jan 24. According to the statement, the trains the patient took stopped at 13 stations during the period, including Guangzhou, Chenzhou, Changsha, Wuchang, Zhengzhou, Xi'an, Lanzhou, Xining, Delingha, Golmud, Amdo, Nagchu and Lhasa. Any passengers who had the experience of taking the same train as the patient are reminded to isolate themselves for two weeks, go to hospitals if they show any potential symptoms of the disease, wear masks all the time, avoid taking public transportation, and call 12345 to report their contacts, place of residence and hotel information.
WS5e327318a310128217273b37	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e327318a310128217273b37.html	2020-01-30	Jiangsu adds 30 new coronavirus cases, with total at 129	A worker disinfects a taxi at a service point in Wuxi, East China's Jiangsu province, Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] East China's Jiangsu province reported 30 new confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus as of midnight on Jan 29, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the province to 129. Among the newly confirmed cases, five were in provincial capital of Nanjing, seven in Xuzhou, four in Suzhou and Huai'an, and three in Nantong and Lianyungang. As of midnight on Jan 29, Jiangsu also traced 2,069 close contacts of the patients and put 1,952 people under medical observation. All the 129 patients throughout the province, with one in serious condition, are receiving treatment in hospitals designated for treating pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus.
WS5e3272c6a310128217273b33	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e3272c6a310128217273b33.html	2020-01-30	2 asymptomatic coronavirus cases reported in Nanjing	  Medical team from Jiangsu province to aid novel coronavirus control efforts. [Photo/Xinhua] Nanjing of East China's Jiangsu province reported two confirmed asymptomatic coronavirus cases on Wednesday. The two people, together with another person of their family who showed symptoms, have been sent to one of the city's hospitals designated for treating pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus. The local health department has disinfected the environment and garbage of the community they lived in. It also ordered all 14 families that lived in the same building with the infected family to stay at home for medical observation of the novel coronavirus. All people living in the community have been given notice of the health risk. Workers of the community will provide food and other daily necessaries to people under observation.
WS5e323b39a310128217273ac5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e323b39a310128217273ac5.html	2020-01-30	China takes various measures to combat novel coronavirus	A staff member measures temperatures of passengers at an expressway exit in Hefei, East China's Anhui province, on Jan 29, 2020. Various measures are taken across China to combat the novel coronavirus. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member measures temperatures of passengers at a road checkpoint in Datong Hui and Tu autonomous county, Xining, Northwest China's Qinghai province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member disinfects a vehicle at Zham pass of Nyalam county, Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A doctor demonstrates how to wear mask correctly at Nanchang West Railway Station in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member hands out leaflets on prevention and control of the novel coronavirus to a local villager in Datong Hui and Tu autonomous Nounty, Xining, northwest China's Qinghai province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Staff members measure temperatures of passengers at Nanchang West Railway Station in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi Province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member examines a vehicle at Zham pass of Nyalam county, Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A villager disinfects a vehicle before it enters a village in Datong Hui and Tu autonomous county, Xining, Northwest China's Qinghai province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Staff members measure temperatures of passengers at an expressway exit in Hefei, East China's Anhui province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member disinfects a market in Hangzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Staff members measure temperatures of passengers at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, Jan. 29, 2020. Various measures are taken across China to combat the novel coronavirus. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member works at a workshop of disinfectant in Chengdu, capital of Southwest China's Sichuan province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff member measures temperatures of people visiting the West Lake in Hangzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Staff members measure temperatures of passengers at an expressway checkpoint in Yanchi county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A worker fills barrels with disinfectant at a company in Lanzhou, Northwest China's Gansu province, on Jan 29, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e32318ca310128217273a9a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e32318ca310128217273a9a.html	2020-01-30	7,711 confirmed coronavirus cases on Chinese mainland	A medical worker examines a patient at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily] The number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus rose to 7,711 on the Chinese mainland and the death toll hit 170 as of Wednesday midnight, the National Health Commission said on Thursday morning. On Wednesday, 1,737 new confirmed cases, 38 new deaths and 4,148 new suspected cases were reported, the commission added. Among the total infections, 1,370 patients have been in serious condition and 124 people had been cured and released from hospitals. The authorities have traced 88,693 people who have had close contact with the infected patients, and 2,364 of them were freed from medical observation on Wednesday while 81,947 are still under medical observation, according to the commission. The number of confirmed infections rose to 10 in Hong Kong, seven in Macao and eight in Taiwan, the commission reported. Hubei province remains the center of the outbreak. It had confirmed 4,586 cases of the novel coronavirus as of Wednesday, the provincial health commission said on Thursday morning. The number of confirmed cases in Hubei increased by 1,032 and the death toll climbed to 162, a rise of 37, the commission said. By the end of Wednesday, 90 patients had been cured and released from hospitals, 4,334 were hospitalized with 711 people showing serious symptoms and 277 in critical condition, it said. In Wuhan, provincial capital of Hubei, 356 new confirmed cases and 37 new deaths were reported on Wednesday, bringing the number of confirmed infections to 2,261 with 129 fatalities in the city. Fever clinics across the province received 32,309 people on Wednesday, according to the Hubei provincial health commission.
WS5e322bfaa310128217273a96	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e322bfaa310128217273a96.html	2020-01-30	Macroeconomic measures needed to fight coronavirus	A pharmacy in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, January 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Macroeconomic policies, as counter-cyclical measures, can smooth out economic upheavals and improve overall welfare, if used appropriately. This is exactly what China needs now amidst the public health crisis caused by the new coronavirus, which is exerting growing pressure on the economy. Given that evolution of the coronavirus depends on three factors: the speed and breadth of spreading of the virus, development of effective treatment plans, and the efficiency of the public health departments, it is highly probable that the pandemic could last into the second quarter. Although too early to say how much influence the new virus will have on the economy, a look back at the impact severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) had on the Chinese economy in 2002-03 can provide some pointers. The SARS outbreak mainly led to a reduction in service demand, interrupted production, a fall in investment and exports, increased unemployment and the deterioration of the fiscal and financial environment as a result of restricted flows of people. One thing is certain: the longer the pandemic lasts, the greater the economic cost will be, with the service sector bearing the brunt of the impact. With the quarantine arrangements and the lock down of some of the worst-hit cities, tourism, transport, entertainment, retail and catering will all be hard hit, especially since the Spring Festival holiday is normally the peak consumption period. The surge in demand for hotels and 50 percent growth in ticket sales for scenic sites and museums forecast by Meituan Dianping for the festival season will not materialize. The reduced consumption is bound to affect employment. Nearly 20 million people might lose their jobs if just 5 percent of employees in the service industry are affected. The holiday has been extended by three extra days to Feb 2, many schools have postponed the start of the next semester, and more than 200 million migrant workers may not return to the cities they work in. And in addition, the number of foreign visitors including business travelers could fall significantly, as could exports and direct investment. Besides, the decrease in fiscal revenue following the economic downturn and the ensued increase of demand for fiscal subsidies could lead to the increase of financial deficits and weaker fiscal capacity. And financial risks on both the macro and micro level will build up as the non-performing assets of financial institutions aggrandize significantly and the leverage ratio rises with a shrinking economic base. All these shocks are taking place at a time when China is suffering from slowing growth. People’s lives and investor confidence could take a hit if the downward pressure in the first quarter again builds up. Thus, apart from focusing on containing the spread of the coronavirus, the government should consider adopting some macroeconomic measures, mainly fiscal policies, to support the economy. Although the OECD puts the threshold of fiscal deficit at no more than 3 percent and public debt at less than 60 percent of GDP, sticking to the 3 percent deficit ratio is unnecessary because the key is the overall balance sheet. Furthermore, fiscal expansion should not just be more investment in infrastructure. Macro policies should focus on stabilizing people’s livelihoods and society as well as maintaining growth. Referring to the United States’ practice in the global crisis, perhaps the State Council, China’s Cabinet, could establish an emergency relief fund authorized by the National People’s Congress. Specifically, measures in the following aspects could be taken. First, the Central Bank should moderately loosen the monetary policy by injecting liquidity and easing the fiscal pressure on enterprises by expanding the scale of financing and reducing cost of capital. Fiscal and supervision departments should give support to financial institutions to hasten the speed at which non-performing assets are disposed of and replenish capital. Only in this way can financial institutions better serve the real economy. It should be noted that although the government should not force financial organizations to lend loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, and particularly not lower the loan interest rate by administrative orders, the financial departments themselves could consider providing temporary interest subsidies to enterprises in need if necessary. Second, the government should offer policy support to the new economy to increase online consumption. That online shopping has accounted more than 20 percent of total retail sales offers a sort of buffer space for pandemic relief compared with 17 years ago. Now people can shop, order food deliveries and even watch new movies online without leaving their homes. The government could provide protective and disinfection equipment, even subsidies to new economy companies to help resist the impact of the pandemic on consumption. Third, preferential policies should be provided to help small and medium-sized enterprises, especially those in catering, transport, tourism, retails and manufacturing to help them survive. Tax reductions and one-off subsidies could help. Fourth, people who lose jobs because of this pandemic, those migrant workers who lack social security in particular, should be helped to finding new jobs. For instance, the government could help arrange for migrant workers in need to return to their hometowns and get jobs, even provide temporary living subsidies. Last but not least, public service facilities including hospitals, schools and transportation facilities should be specifically increased as this pandemic reveals that per capita medical facilities are far from enough even in a big city such as Wuhan. Given that a huge number of rural population will settle in the cities thanks to the ongoing reform of the household registration system the government should take precautions, improve the carrying capacity of medical, educational, transportation and housing facilities and reduce the risk of public health events in the future. Considering the huge uncertainty in how the pandemic will progress the government had better take a progressive method in devising macroeconomic policies. It will only need to introduce some short-term subsidies and tax reduction if the epidemic is controlled in two weeks. Otherwise larger scale and stronger stimulus measures are needed. The author is deputy dean of National School of Development and director of Institute of Digital Finance at Peking University. The views don’t necessarily represent those of China Daily.
WS5e320c75a310128217273a4c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e320c75a310128217273a4c.html	2020-01-30	EU offers help to China with novel coronavirus management	[Photo/Agencies] The European Union Commission said assistance to China will be provided to help tackle the novel coronavirus if the country requests it. During a news conference on Wednesday, European Commissioner for Crisis Management, Janez Lenarcic said the EU can deploy emergency medical teams or provide protective equipment to China where the death toll has risen to 132, with confirmed infections around 6,000. EU authorities are also in talks with member states to fly EU citizens back home from Wuhan, the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak. On Tuesday, the EU Civil Protection Mechanism was activated following a request for assistance from France to provide consular support to EU citizens in Wuhan. Following this the EU's Emergency Response Coordination Centre will be meeting with member states "in order to ensure that all of them have the same information and can make their needs known". Lenarcic pointed out that the EU Civil Protection Mechanism can also be deployed outside of Europe and that's why they are in contact with Chinese authorities. "Should assistance be requested by China, via our Civil Protection Mechanism, we can facilitate either the deployment of our Emergency Medical Teams or provide personal protective equipment stock," Lenarcic said. "We are monitoring the global situation comprehensively in order to be able to cooperate with China and others in the most optimal way. In fact, our Emergency Response Coordination Centre is in contact with Chinese authorities who are interested in purchasing certain medical equipment," he added. EU Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Stella Kyriakides said the spread of the novel coronavirus is a complex situation which is evolving constantly, but they are ready to work with member states to provide the assistance and support, and ensure effective prevention. "Should the situation deteriorate, we have additional measures which could be taken in addition to those already ongoing, including mobilizing emergency funding to support outbreak response," Kyriakides said. "We are much more prepared from all sides from public health to science. Full EU expertise and support is also provided to any third country if requested."
WS5e31fb50a310128217273a2d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e31fb50a310128217273a2d.html	2020-01-30	As coronavirus multiplies, there's also good news	An aerial photo taken on Tuesday shows the construction site of Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan, Hubei province. PHOTO BY SHI YI / FOR CHINA DAILY The number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus on the Chinese mainland has exceeded the total number of SARS cases recorded during that outbreak 17 years ago. But there is no need to panic, experts said on Wednesday, even though more cases are expected over the next few days. The number of confirmed cases of the new coronavirus reached 5,974 on Tuesday — an increase of 1,459 over the day before, including 132 deaths, since the outbreak was first reported late December, according to the National Health Commission on Wednesday. In addition, the number of suspected cases rose to 9,239. In Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, 840 new cases were reported on Tuesday, bringing the total number of confirmed cases there to 3,554. A suspected case was reported on Tuesday in the Tibet autonomous region, which, if confirmed, would mean that every province, autonomous region and municipality on the mainland has acquired the novel coronavirus. Wednesday's data mean the new virus has exceeded the spread of SARS in its first month. With SARS — severe acute respiratory syndrome — a total of 5,327 severe cases were reported on the Chinese mainland between the end of 2002 and Aug 16, 2003, including 349 deaths, according to what was then the Ministry of Health. In addition, cases of infected foreigners on the mainland were first reported in South China's Guangdong province. Three foreigners — a Pakistani and two Australians, who all had been in Wuhan recently — have been diagnosed with the coronavirus in Guangdong province as of Wednesday. Guangzhou released on Wednesday a public letter and details of multilingual service hotlines for foreigners to get help. Wuhan and Tianjin also have provided foreigners with timely consultations and assistance on epidemic prevention and control by opening a 24-hour hotline service. Zhong Nanshan, a prominent expert in respiratory diseases and a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, said the recent novel coronavirus outbreak may hit its peak in a week or 10 days. The outbreak will not last as long as the SARS outbreak — more than five months — in part because of strong measures to contain the outbreak adopted by the central government, he said. There are still no effective drugs to combat the virus, but researchers and medical staff have been working on several methods, and life-support technologies have improved greatly since SARS, so the death rate will be less, he told Xinhua News Agency. So far, there has been no official statement about when the epidemic will peak or how long it will last. Gauden Galea, the World Health Organization's representative in China, said in an earlier interview with China Daily that the WHO is organizing a number of researchers to model the case numbers, but no conclusion has been reached yet. Zeng Guang, chief epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said that compared with SARS, which involved many critical cases, the recent coronavirus outbreak is less severe. People in a large number of confirmed cases showed mild symptoms, according to a report in Health Times on Wednesday. However, the new virus is more difficult to control and prevent than SARS. It can jump between humans during incubation, which lasts up to 14 days, he said. With the lockdown of Wuhan, Hubei province, the presumed source of the outbreak, the number of cases exported from the city will gradually be reduced, and the rise in cases in other parts of China will likewise slow, Zeng said. Meanwhile, warming weather will also restrain the spread of respiratory diseases and contribute to control and prevention, he said. Workers bring the pieces together. Work is expected to be done by Feb 3, about seven days after it began. PHOTO BY SHI YI / FOR CHINA DAILY The WHO said in a statement on Tuesday that studies so far indicate that most cases of the virus reported to date have been milder, with about 20 percent of all confirmed cases experiencing severe illness. China's National Health Commission will continue to collaborate with the WHO to contain the outbreak, including studying the severity and transmissibility of the virus, it said. In addition, China will share biological material with the WHO to contribute to the development of vaccines. The WHO will also send international experts to visit China as soon as possible to work with domestic experts to increase understanding of the outbreak and guide global response efforts, it said. The statement came after a meeting between President Xi Jinping and Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the WHO, in Beijing on Tuesday. "We appreciate the seriousness with which China is taking this outbreak, especially the commitment from top leadership and the transparency they have demonstrated, including sharing data and the genetic sequence of the virus," the statement said. "The WHO will keep working side-by-side with China and all other countries to protect health and keep people safe." "Both the WHO and China noted that the number of cases being reported, including those outside China, is deeply concerning," the statement said. "Better understanding of the transmissibility and severity of the virus is urgently required to guide other countries on appropriate response measures." Walter Ian Lipkin, a professor of epidemiology and director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia's Mailman School of Public Health who is known as a leading "virus hunter", is headed to the epidemic-stricken area in China to assist with efforts to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus, according to Columbia Global Centers in Beijing on Tuesday. Based on the evidence so far, Lipkin said on Tuesday in an article updated on Columbia University's website that the novel coronavirus is not expected to spread to the same extent as SARS, which reached 33 countries. Contact the writers at wangxiaodong@chinadaily.com.cn
WS5e31dd29a310128217273a22	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e31dd29a310128217273a22.html	2020-01-30	UK schools warned over coronavirus xenophobia	[Photo/IC] Boarding schools in the United Kingdom have been advised to be alert to signs of xenophobia among pupils as a result of the novel coronavirus outbreak. There are fears that the outbreak of the virus in China might lead to verbal harassment toward international students with family members living in affected areas. The Boarding Schools' Association, or BSA, which represents 550 independent and state boarding schools, advised to its members to look out for prejudice toward Chinese students by others – either in person or on social media. In an official memo sent to member schools, the BSA warned: "Stay alert for any signs of xenophobia by students towards one another, or by any external audiences, either in school or on social media sites. "Such behavior should not be tolerated, and action should be taken against anyone acting in this way," it said. On the issue of xenophobia, a BSA spokesperson said there had been no reports of incidents. "We have not heard of anything happening in our schools, and we don't envisage it happening in our schools, we are trying to make sure we are covering every eventuality." The BSA said schools should advise pupils against travelling to China and Hong Kong over the coming February half-term break, adding: "Advise those who decide to travel that protective measures could well be in place before they return. Depending on how the virus spreads in that time, this could include the need for returning pupils to be quarantined." The association said some schools had already cancelled planned visits from China, including from prospective students and their families – although this might not be a requirement, the organization did say it "prudent to minimize any unnecessary risk". This could mean allowing pupils to stay in school over half-term, says the guidance. It urges schools to draw up plans in case children need to be kept in quarantine following travel to affected areas. "This should not be seen as an over-reaction or scare-mongering," the guidance states, "but is based on experience gained from the progress of previous such diseases". The Guardian notes that during the Sars outbreak of 2003, many schools were forced to quarantine pupils as they had already traveled home for Easter before the spread of the virus was identified. The BSA warns schools of a "rapidly changing situation" and are told to look out for relevant symptoms. Based on the current situation, the BSA suggests school leaders consider "how the school would respond to a suspected or confirmed case". They have been told to ensure there are plans in place if there is a suspected case of the virus, including how to isolate a child. According to a 2019 Independent Schools Council report, which counts the number of students at UK private schools with parents living overseas, there are more than 7,000 students with parents living in the Chinese mainland and nearly 5,000 with parents in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. The vast majority of those pupils study at boarding schools. TES, a weekly UK newspaper aimed at education professionals, reports that China sends more pupils to UK fee-paying schools than any other country, with the latest figures indicating that Chinese children make up about one in six of all international students. The number of Chinese students at UK universities has soared – rising by 34 percent in the last five years, reports the BBC. It notes that 120,000 Chinese students are currently enrolled in UK universities, but the number of Chinese pupils at private schools in the UK has also grown in recent years. Updated guidance published on the BSA's website gives member schools information on the virus and advice on dealing with the situation. In a section on supporting students, the BSA guidance says it is natural that young people, particularly those from China, will be concerned. It suggests that pupils from affected areas should be "suitably and publicly supported". "They will be worried about themselves but more particularly about their friends and families," the advice says. On Monday the Health Secretary Matt Hancock said that people who have come to the UK from the Wuhan area should "self-isolate" themselves, even if they have no apparent symptoms. The advice from the health secretary is that this self-isolation should last for 14 days from the date of leaving Wuhan.
WS5e31cd40a310128217273a1c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e31cd40a310128217273a1c.html	2020-01-30	US travel warning on coronavirus raised	A doctor examines the condition of a patient at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily] The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) issued a Level Three travel health notice on Tuesday, recommending that "travelers avoid all nonessential travel" to China. Level Three is the highest level warning at CDC. On Monday, the US State Department issued a Level 4 travel advisory for Wuhan, which makes it clear that no American should travel there while the virus continued to have an impact. Also on Tuesday, the CDC announced that the US will expand screenings for the coronavirus to 15 additional airports, including Houston and Dallas. The implementation of screenings is expected to be set up in the next a few days. Prior to Tuesday, screening of passengers from China has been conducted at airports in five metropolitan areas — Atlanta, Chicago, New York City, San Francisco and Los Angeles. In a statement issued Monday, US Vice-President Mike Pence said that the 20 airports "receive 90 percent of all passengers from China. Any passengers who are ill will receive additional screening." "While it's possible that some person-to-person spread with this virus may be detected in the United States, the goal of the ongoing US public health response is to contain this outbreak and prevent sustained spread in this country," the CDC said in its statement. The CDC said that so far no person-to-person transmission has been detected in the US. In addition, it's confirmed that a plane chartered by the US State Department left Wuhan on Wednesday morning local time. It was bound for Ontario, California, a small town 35 miles east of Los Angeles. The primary mission of the flight was to evacuate roughly three dozen US diplomats and their families in Wuhan. The remaining seats were offered to private American citizens, at a very limited capacity, on a reimbursable basis. The capacity of the plane was estimated to be around 240 passengers. "All passengers [on the chartered plane] will be subject to CDC screening, health observation, and monitoring requirements," the State Department announced in a statement. On another front, United Airlines announced on Tuesday that it will suspend flights between China and the US for about a week. "Due to a significant decline in demand for travel to China, we are suspending some flights between our hub cities and Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai beginning Feb 1 through Feb 8," United said in a statement. The affected US hubs include San Francisco International, Newark Liberty International, Chicago O'Hare International and Washington Dulles International. United said it usually operates 12 flights per day from the US to the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. According to the reduction, between Feb 1 and Feb 8, three fights to Hong Kong, 10 flights to Beijing, and 11 flights to Shanghai will be canceled. "We will continue to monitor the situation as it develops and will adjust our schedule as needed," United said in the statement. In the US, more than 100 people had been screened for the coronavirus. So far, five cases have been confirmed, in Southern California, Arizona, Chicago and Seattle. Contact the writers at mayzhou@chinadailyusa.com. Zong Yi in Washington contributed to this story.
WS5e31c2c2a310128217273a14	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/30/WS5e31c2c2a310128217273a14.html	2020-01-30	Apple reports record revenue, sees challenges from coronavirus	[Photo/Agencies] Apple posted record revenue on Tuesday but faces new challenges in production of the iPhone as China shuts down major cities to contain the potentially deadly coronavirus, the company said. Revenue in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 totaled $91.82 billion, exceeding analysts' estimates of $88.37 billion and the $84.3 billion Apple posted in the same period a year ago. Net income increased to $22.24 billion in the most recent quarter compared with $19.97 billion for the same period a year ago. The company earned $4.99 a share, exceeding Wall Street's consensus estimate of $4.55. "We are thrilled to report Apple's highest quarterly revenue ever, fueled by strong demand for our iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro models, and all-time records for Services and Wearables," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. "During the holiday quarter, our active installed base of devices grew in each of our geographic segments and has now reached over 1.5 billion. "We see this as a powerful testament to the satisfaction, engagement and loyalty of our customers — and a great driver of our growth across the board," he said. Sales of the iPhone totaled $55.96 billion; analysts expected $51.5 billion. Apple's stock is up about 27 percent since October, a gain many analysts attribute to the upcoming build-out of 5G wireless networks. In the last 52 weeks, the stock is up about 108 percent. The stock closed Tuesday at $317.69 a share, up $8.74, or 2.83 percent. However, the spread of the coronavirus in China may challenge Apple's earnings in the coming quarter. China's government has barred employees in Shanghai and Suzhou from returning to work prior to Feb 9, a week longer than the traditional Lunar New Year holiday. Apple has at least two suppliers in Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, the center of the virus outbreak. Most of Apple's iPhones are assembled in China by the Foxconn Technology Group in Zhengzhou and by Pegatron near Shanghai. Each is about 310 miles (500 kilometers) from Wuhan. Apple's estimates for second-quarter revenue range from $63 billion to $67 billion. Analysts expect sales to total $62.41 billion. A year ago, revenue totaled $62.45 billion. Cook attributed the gap between low and high estimates to potential problems created by the coronavirus. "There's more uncertainty," he told CNBC. "It's a very fluid situation." China's slow growth last year eroded Apple's sales of smartphones, but apps and smartwatches boosted revenue in the second half of the fiscal year ended in September. Investors will keep an eye on the impact of the coronavirus on sales and production in the coming quarter. Last week, Bloomberg News reported that Apple had boosted iPhone production prior to the coronavirus outbreak to meet greater-than-expected demand. Production on high-end phones typically begins in September, so the coronavirus probably won't be a major factor in the months ahead. But Apple plans to launch a low-cost version of the iPhone in February, and production of that model could be disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak. Apple earned $12.7 billion in services revenue in the first quarter compared with the $13.07 billion analysts expected. Other products, including the Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats Headphones, generated $10 billion in revenue compared with the consensus estimate of $9.52 billion. With the smartphone market maturing, Apple introduced new services and accessories for its 900 million users worldwide. Still, the iPhone generated about 61 percent of Apple's revenue in the first quarter of 2020. The company plans to release an update to its low-priced iPhone this year. The SE model sold for $399 when first released in 2016. Apple is betting volume sales will make up for the lower unit cost.
WS5e31a8cfa3101282172739fa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e31a8cfa3101282172739fa.html	2020-01-29	Australian scientists develop lab version of coronavirus	[Photo/IC] A team of scientists in Australia said Wednesday they had successfully developed a lab-grown version of the coronavirus that may help efforts to diagnose and treat the disease spreading in China and overseas. While the scientists at the Peter Doherty Institute for Infection and Immunity in Melbourne called their work a "significant breakthrough'' that will allow for accurate investigation and diagnosis of the virus globally, the CEO of Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis said Wednesday it will take at least a year to find a vaccine. "The reality is, it will take over a year in my expectation to really find a new vaccine for this so, we need to really use epidemiological controls to really get this situation in a better place," Vas Narasimhan told CNBC in Basel, Switzerland, the headquarters for the pharmaceutical company. The researchers in Australia said they were able to grow a copy of the virus from an infected patient. They said the copy could be used as "control material" for testing and "will be a game changer for diagnosis". The laboratory-grown virus is expected to be used to generate an antibody test, which allows detection of the virus in patients who have not yet displayed any symptoms. "An antibody test will enable us to retrospectively test suspected patients so we can gather a more accurate picture of how widespread the virus is, and consequently, among other things, the true mortality rate," Dr Mike Catton, deputy director of the Doherty Institute, told the London Telegraph. "It will also assist in the assessment of effectiveness of trial vaccines.'' He said scientists at the institute had been planning for an incident like this for many, many years and that's really why we were able to get an answer so quickly." The institute said it would share its work with the World Health Organization (WHO) in the hope it could improve efforts to treat and diagnose the virus, which was first discovered in the Chinese city of Wuhan. It has killed 132 people and infected nearly 6,000 in China and abroad. 
WS5e31a4eda3101282172739f1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e31a4eda3101282172739f1.html	2020-01-29	China working with WHO, US and other countries to fight coronavirus	A doctor examines a patient at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily] China will continue to strengthen exchange and cooperation in fighting the ongoing novel coronavirus outbreak with the World Health Organization (WHO) and other countries, including the United States, an official from China's top health authority said Wednesday. Following the outbreak, China has been in close contact with the WHO and governments of other countries and regions and shared epidemic information and the genetic sequence of the new virus with all the world as soon as possible to contribute to global control and prevention of the virus, said the official, from the National Health Commission, who prefers to remain anonymous. Chinese health authorities have also kept close contact with their US counterpart, and the two sides have shared information on the outbreak and its prevention and control measures. Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the US CDC have been in good technical cooperation, the official said. In a telephone exchange between Ma Xiaowei, minister of China's National Health Commission, and Alex Azar, US secretary of Health and Human services, on Monday night, Azar applauded China's transparency in fighting the outbreak and the bilateral health cooperation. China welcomes the US to join the WHO expert mission to visit China, the commission said.
WS5e3193eaa3101282172739d5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3193eaa3101282172739d5.html	2020-01-29	Coronavirus drugs selected for clinical trials	A doctor examines the condition of a patient at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily] Several antiviral drugs with inhibiting effects against the novel coronavirus have been selected by the Wuhan Institute of Virology for potential clinical trials, said the institute affiliated with the Chinese Academy of Sciences on Wednesday. A report of the findings has been submitted to the state and the Hubei provincial headquarters coordinating the fight against the epidemic for further study and deliberations to guide clinical treatment, said the institute on its website. Remdesivir, a medicine for the Ebola virus, Chloroquine, which is used to treat malaria, and anti-HIV drug Ritonavir were jointly found by the institute and the Academy of Military Medical Sciences to be good inhibitors against the coronavirus at cellular level, according to a previous report by Hubei Daily. The institute said it has also developed a detecting method of the virus based on the identification of IgG and IgM antibodies in serum of patients suspected with infection, which can be a supplementary detecting method to the current nucleic acid testing. The detection kit has been produced through partnership with Zhuhai Livzon Diagnostics, a Guangdong-based bio company, it said. Shi Zhengli, director of the research center for emerging infectious diseases at the institute, has been leading a task force consisting of 13 experts studying the virus, quick detection and treatment methods, as well as a vaccine against the virus. As of Tuesday, the coronavirus, provisionally called 2019-nCoV, has infected 5,974 people and claimed 132 lives since its outbreak in Wuhan, Hubei province, in December.
WS5e319020a3101282172739cc	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e319020a3101282172739cc.html	2020-01-29	Response to coronavirus will show results soon	Photo/IC The control measures of the novel coronavirus will start to show clear results around Feb 8 as the latent phase of the disease will pass, the chief epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention said. "We will see obvious results around Feb 8, since the prevention measures have been enforced since Jan 23," Zeng Guang, chief epidemiologist at the Chinese CDC said during an interview with People's Daily on Wednesday. Experts said previously the latent phase of the disease falls within 14 days. "We need to minimize the number of infected people from Wuhan spreading the disease elsewhere,down to zero. It matters to China and the world," Zeng said. What China is fighting now isn't only to contain the novel coronavirus, but also to the source of infection, he added. "Some patients haven't got pneumonia yet but they are the sources of infection. That's why we've updated the diagnosis standard four times to keep up with the development of the virus."
WS5e317b19a3101282172739b9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e317b19a3101282172739b9.html	2020-01-29	Wuhan nurse cured after being infected with coronavirus	Guo Qin examines a patient at the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily] Guo Qin, a 38-year-old nurse working at the emergency center at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, returned to her post on Tuesday after 14 days of quarantine for testing positive for the novel coronavirus. Guo has been a nurse for 15 years. Since the latest pneumonia outbreak, she has worked more than 10 hours a day, tending to severe patients in emergency wards. She began showing symptoms of fever on the night of Jan 12, with her body temperature reaching 37.8 degrees Celsius as well as a slight stomachache. She was confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia and was sent to a quarantine ward. "My experience shows the disease is not so scary. It can be cured," Guo said after returning to work. Guo Qin examines a patient at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily] Guo Qin examines the condition of a patient at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily] A member of the Communist Party of China, Guo Qin poses for a photo with other CPC members also working against the novel coronavirus. [Photo by Gao Xiang/for China Daily]
WS5e3178aaa3101282172739b1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3178aaa3101282172739b1.html	2020-01-29	Foreigners diagnosed with coronavirus in Guangdong	[Jin Ding/China Daily] Three foreigners — a Pakistani and two Australians — have been diagnosed with the novel coronavirus in Guangdong province. All of whom have been hospitalized and are in stable condition. The Pakistani was studying at a university in Wuhan, Hubei province before traveling to Shenzhen in Guangdong on Jan 21 and Guangzhou in Guangdong on Jan 24, and fell ill on Jan 26, deputy director of provincial health commission Chen Zhusheng said at a press conference on Wednesday. Guangzhou city's health commission announced the case on Tuesday. Two Australians were traveling in Wuhan before coming to Guangdong and falling ill, Chen said. They are being treated in Shenzhen. In another development, two Hong Kong people were diagnosed in the province. One was working in Wuhan before traveling to Foshan in Guangdong on Jan 22, and began showing symptoms on Jan 24. The other was traveling in Wuhan before going to Zhanjiang in Guangdong and falling ill on Jan 26. All patients are receiving treatment at hospitals designated for treating pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus in Guangdong and are in stable condition, Chen said. The foreign affairs office of Guangzhou has issued a message in several foreign languages to expats in the city on the control and prevention of pneumonia inflicted by the novel coronavirus.
WS5e315d56a31012821727399f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e315d56a31012821727399f.html	2020-01-29	Coronavirus enters 'spread' period in Beijing	Passengers wearing masks are seen on Subway Line 5 in Beijing on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Wang Jing/China Daily] Beijing has seen a growing trend of secondary cases of the novel coronavirus, cases of asymptomatic infection as well as patients of a young age, the capital's health commission reported on Wednesday afternoon. Gao Xiaojun, spokesperson for the Beijing Municipal Health Commission, said imported cases are the lion's share of confirmed cases in Beijing and the number of secondary infection cases is increasing. As of Wednesday at noon, there are 102 confirmed cases of the virus in Beijing and one male patient at the age of 50 died on Monday. The government said the epidemic in the capital has entered the period of spreading, asking all stakeholders to establish regular reporting systems to prevent the virus' spread.
WS5e3151b0a310128217273994	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3151b0a310128217273994.html	2020-01-29	Three Wenzhou coronavirus patients cured, discharged	Three patients, all in Wenzhou, have been cured and discharged from hospital in East China's Zhejiang as of Tuesday, Jan 29, according to a press briefing from the local authority. The city, which witnessed a homecoming tide of 33,000 people from Wuhan, so far reported 114 confirmed novel coronavirus cases, according to vice-mayor Tang Xiaoshu. The city has assembled a team of 37 medical experts to make diagnosis and treat patients, Tang said. Statistics show a total of 180,000 people from Wenzhou either do business or study in Wuhan, where the novel coronavirus was first reported. Sun Liming, deputy director of the provincial health commission, said she expects the numbers of newly-confirmed cases in the province to "gradually decrease over the next seven to 10 days, with the deepening of continuous efforts of disease prevention and control within the province." Zhejiang reported 123 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus as of midnight on January 28, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the province to 296. Among them, 19 were in Hangzhou, 54 in Wenzhou, 18 in Taizhou and 3 in Ningbo.
WS5e3150bca31012821727398c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3150bca31012821727398c.html	2020-01-29	WHO head praises China's response to novel coronavirus	 
WS5e314f96a31012821727398a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e314f96a31012821727398a.html	2020-01-29	Answers to 5 key questions regarding coronavirus	None
WS5e314ef4a310128217273984	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e314ef4a310128217273984.html	2020-01-29	Expert: More new coronavirus cases than SARS, but less severe	None
WS5e3149aba310128217273981	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3149aba310128217273981.html	2020-01-29	Shanghai increases coronavirus brief frequency	Shanghai will increase the frequency of informing residents of the number of cases of the novel coronavirus in the municipality from once to twice a day, to allow the public to learn about the latest progress of the epidemic in a more timely manner. In addition to releasing a public notice about newly confirmed and suspected infection cases from the previous day at around 8 am every day, the municipal government will send a notice every afternoon about the changes from the first 12 hours that day, director of the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission Wu Jinglei said at a daily press briefing from the Shanghai government about the epidemic on Wednesday afternoon. Wu said 16 new cases of the novel coronavirus were confirmed during the first 12 hours on Wednesday, bringing the total number of such cases to 96, ranging from ages seven to 88. Five of the patients have been cured and discharged from hospital as of 3 pm Wednesday. Seven of the newly confirmed patients were from Hubei province, the epicenter, and the rest were residents of Shanghai, according to the commission. The reason for the increase of the confirmed cases was mainly owed to a more widespread medical screening, not only at hospitals but also at highway toll gates, ports, railway stations and airports, Wu said. Yin Xin, a spokeswoman with the Shanghai Municipal People's Government, said later in the afternoon the Foreign Affairs Office of the municipal government will invite consular officials in Shanghai to a brief on Shanghai's social situation and measures to battle against the coronavirus. Altogether 105 consular officials from 66 consular agencies have signed up to participate. Liu Min, deputy director of the Shanghai Municipal Commission of Commerce, said domestic enterprises are speeding up purchasing protective materials during the epidemic, such as medical masks, from overseas with streamlined customs procedures. "We've noticed there are medical protective masks imported from overseas arriving in Shanghai every day and the strained market supply will be eased," she said.
WS5e31458aa31012821727397d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e31458aa31012821727397d.html	2020-01-29	11 new coronavirus cases reported in Beijing	Tourists wearing face masks are seen at Summer Palace in Beijing, Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/sipa] Beijing reported 11 new coronavirus cases on Wednesday, taking the confirmed total to 102 as of Wednesday at noon, according to capital's health authorities. The Beijing Municipal Health Commission said on Wednesday four of the new cases had a connection with Central China's Hubei province and also close contact with previously confirmed cases. The confirmed new cases in Beijing are aged 2 to 86, with five females and six males according to the commission. According to Beijing Daily on Wednesday, a father of a senior student at the High School Affiliated to Renmin University of China, a famous high school in the capital's Haidian district, was infected with coronavirus and died after medical treatment. The man was believed to have attended the parents' meeting held at the school on Jan 20. The high school said in a statement released on Tuesday that the man first came to sit in the back seat of the conference hall, which could hold 680 people, and then attended a separate meeting at a classroom. According to the statement, the conference hall was not fully occupied on the day of the meeting. The school said no teachers and students were infected. The high school also closed its gates to limit flow in and out of the school. The school has postponed the starting date of the new semester and all have to undergo a body temperature check at school gates. Teachers also conducted psychological comfort counseling for students as well as parents to relieve their worries, according to the school's statement.
WS5e3130e3a310128217273962	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3130e3a310128217273962.html	2020-01-29	5 new novel coronavirus cases reported in Gansu	A nurse checks a traveler's body temperature at the airport in Zhangye, Northwest China's Gansu province, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo by Wang Jiang/for chinadaily.com.cn] Northwest China's Gansu province reported five new confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus on Tuesday. Among them, the first confirmed case was reported in Pingliang, three in Lanzhou and one in Zhangye. By the end of Tuesday, Gansu province had reported a total of 24 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus and three severe cases. Of the confirmed cases, there were 14 in Lanzhou, one in Baiyin, two in Linxia, one in Dingxi, two in Zhangye, one in Longnan, one in Jinchang, one in Tianshui and one in Pingliang. Among the severe cases, three were in Lanzhou. So far, 388 close contacts have been traced and eight have been released from quarantine. The rest are under medical observation. Lin Duo, secretary of the Gansu Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China, went to Linxia on Tuesday to look into the prevention and control efforts against the disease, during which he called for better-coordinated efforts and logistical guarantees in the fight against the disease.
WS5e312900a310128217273950	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e312900a310128217273950.html	2020-01-29	Tibet reports first suspected coronavirus case	A medical worker takes the temperature of a local resident in Lhasa, Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, on Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/www.chinanews.com] Lhasa health authorities reported the first suspected case of novel coronavirus on Tuesday - the first in Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region - and the case is waiting for further tests by the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention for confirmation, according to local authorities on Wednesday. Tibet is the last region in China to report novel coronavirus cases. The patient surnamed Zhang, 34, is a male resident of Suizhou, Hubei province. He took a train for two days and arrived at Lhasa on Jan 24 via Wuchang station in the Hubei provincial capital. On Jan 25, he was admitted to a local designated hospital for isolation and treatment, according to a statement from local health authorities. Zhang is in stable condition, and those who made close contact with the patient have been traced and are under medical observation. The region activated its second-highest level of contingency plan and established a leading group on Monday to curb the outbreak, with measures including screening travelers and disinfecting transport vehicles. Tibet temporarily suspended all scenic attractions and tourist destinations starting Monday, including Potala Palace, the Jokhang and Ramoche Temples, in response to the region's second-highest level of contingency plan, according to the region's tourism development department. Given the risk of infection by visitors who insist on traveling to the region, visitors from outside Tibet have to register at the region's Gongkar Airport and Liuwu Train Station. People with fever and other symptoms, or those who have made contact with the infected, will be under quarantine for 14 days.
WS5e3127c2a31012821727394a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3127c2a31012821727394a.html	2020-01-29	Shanghai adds 14 new coronavirus cases to tally	Shanghai residents queue for purchasing face masks on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Gao Erqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Shanghai announced on Wednesday that 14 new cases of infection caused by the novel coronavirus were confirmed on the previous day, bringing the total confirmed cases in the municipality to 80 by midnight Tuesday. Seven of the newly confirmed patients were from Central China's Hubei province, the epicenter, and the rest are residents of the municipality, the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission said. The confirmed patients in Shanghai range in age from 7 to 88 and 43 of them are men. Sixty-one of the cases recently lived in or traveled to Wuhan, capital of Hubei province. One traveled to Guangdong province recently and admitted to having used wild animals for food. Altogether 18 have a clear contact history with those previously confirmed patients. Half of the total confirmed cases are residents of Shanghai and the other half were from outside the municipality, the commission said. Altogether 73 of the patients are in stable health condition, two are in critical condition, four have been cured of the disease and discharged from hospital, and one died. The commission said that 99 suspected cases have been excluded in Shanghai and 167 such cases are still under medical quarantine and observation.
WS5e312308a310128217273943	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e312308a310128217273943.html	2020-01-29	Tibet reports first suspected case of novel coronavirus pneumonia	LHASA -- Lhasa, capital of Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, reported the first suspected case of novel coronavirus pneumonia Wednesday, according to local health authorities. The patient surnamed Zhang, 34, is from the city of Suizhou in Central China's Hubei province. He came to Lhasa by train from the provincial capital Wuhan on Jan 24 and was hospitalized on Jan 25. The regional center for disease control and prevention diagnosed the patient as a suspected case on Tuesday. Samples have been sent to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention for further tests. The patient's vital signs are stable, and close contacts have been put under medical observation.
WS5e311020a31012821727391e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e311020a31012821727391e.html	2020-01-29	US 'virus hunter' who helped fight SARS to join coronavirus battle	W. Ian Lipkin, a professor of epidemiology and director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia's Mailman School of Public Health. [Photo provided to China Daily] A man known as one of the world's leading "virus hunters" has arrived in China to assist efforts to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus. W. Ian Lipkin, a professor of epidemiology and director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia's Mailman School of Public Health, is headed to the epidemic-stricken area in China, according to the Columbia Global Centers in Beijing on Tuesday. The virus has been traced to a market in Wuhan, in Central China's Hubei province. It is the second time that Lipkin has been invited by the Chinese government to participate in such efforts. At the height of the SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) outbreak in 2003, he was invited by senior Chinese scientists and officials to assess the state of the epidemic, identify gaps in science, and develop a strategy for containing the virus and curtailing infections and deaths. Based on the evidence so far, Lipkin said in an article updated Tuesday on Columbia University's website that the novel coronavirus is not expected to spread to the same extent as SARS, which reached 33 countries. "We do, however, need to prepare for the possibility that this could evolve into a larger outbreak and become a pandemic," he said. Lipkin has been on the front lines of numerous outbreaks, from Ebola to the West Nile virus. In past years, he has worked closely with scientists and officials in China to strengthen the public health system and protect people from infectious disease outbreaks. After the SARS outbreak was contained, Lipkin helped develop the institutional infrastructure to ensure China would have the resources to detect and more rapidly respond to emerging infectious threats, in part through building the Institute Pasteur in Shanghai, new national Centers for Disease Control in Beijing, and the Guangzhou Institute of Biomedicine and Health. Today, he continues to consult with the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Chinese Academy of Science, and the Ministry of Health in China. Earlier this month, Lipkin was awarded a medal by the Chinese Consulate General in New York for his contributions. "I will cherish it as a reminder of my dear friends and colleagues in China and all we have accomplished together for the health of the Chinese people and all people around the world," Lipkin said.
WS5e3104f6a310128217273916	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3104f6a310128217273916.html	2020-01-29	Western media's unhelpful response to the novel coronavirus outbreak	Medical workers in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, January 24, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Five years ago, I was debating an Ebola outbreak in the European Parliament and its budgetary control committee. Western governments made huge mistakes when it came to responding to the Ebola virus, failing to understand the clinical challenges faced by an outbreak of that type. Meanwhile, media sensationalism was rampant. The coverage engendered tangible fear in many communities which were never in any serious risk. The response by Chinese authorities to the novel coronavirus outbreak has, as you would expect of an economic powerhouse, been far superior to that in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia to the Ebola outbreak of 2014. One of the few things correctly being reported in the Western media is that the Chinese government intended to have a dedicated hospital for the novel coronavirus "within a week." When Western governments tried to create such new hospitals in response to Ebola, it took months: they should have used faster options for a virus which was at the time doubling the number of cases each week. The mindset was more keen on getting everything done right, rather than getting it done quickly. It's certainly appropriate for there to be concerns over the novel coronavirus, just as it was appropriate to have concerns over Ebola. The Chinese government's decision to quarantine Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, shows that it is being taken seriously. Yet within the Western media, I am seeing many of the same mistakes repeated once more. Scaremongering headlines, taking the most extreme potential scenarios and assuming a completely ineffective clinical response, are unhelpful. Newspaper headlines scream about how "50 million" or "65 million"people could be killed by the novel coronavirus outbreak, claiming that this coronavirus is "as deadly as the Spanish flu" of 1918. Look at the data though, and you'll see a fundamentally different story. I've read academic papers on the subject before writing this piece; I wonder how many Western journalists have done likewise before submitting their articles. Disease control researchers often talk about R0 – the number of new people infected, on average, by each person with a virus. If it's below one, the number of cases will reduce. Above one, and it will increase. The Guangdong Provincial Center for Disease Control currently estimates R0 for the coronavirus at 2.9. Professor Neil Ferguson at Imperial College London estimated it at 2.6. The lower that number is, the slower the disease will spread. If it's possible to prevent 60-65 percent of transmission, then the "average" patient will infect less than one person and the outbreak will be under complete control. While the Western media uses Professor Ferguson's research to create doomsday scenarios, the research itself says it's "highly likely" that sustained human transmission will occur "unless effective control measures are implemented." For the Western media, accuracy in reporting doesn't sell newspapers or persuade people to spend more time watching television. In America, the television company NBC showed a graphic with a map of China. The locations of Beijing and Shanghai had been put on the map the wrong way around. Likewise, a newspaper report saying that "with good disease control, the coronavirus can almost certainly be beaten" would not function as clickbait, persuading more people to read it. A headline threatening an apocalypse of 50-65 million deaths does so. Even the word "Coronavirus" itself, used without explanation and together with worst-case-scenario headlines, is enough to create more fear in readers' minds. Certainly, it's possible that a coronavirus can be lethal – but others (such as coronaviruses 229E and OC43) are merely responsible for the common cold. Meanwhile, some of the newspaper reports do show that lessons have been learned from previous outbreaks. My recent memory is of Ebola, but a more direct comparison would be with the SARS virus (which is also of the same type). Combating the novel coronavirus and preventing its spread could be more challenging, because it's harder to detect. SARS was more severe, killing 9 percent of the patients, and few if any carried the virus but only had mild symptoms. If someone with the virus only has mild symptoms and doesn't go to the doctor, they may well infect many others without ever being traced. Rather than the various conspiracy theories floating around the internet, this is likely to be one of the biggest reasons for the Chinese government's decision to quarantine Wuhan. Li Lanjuan, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, said that it will take "at least a month" for an effective vaccine to be found to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus. Anthony Fauci, director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, suggests that it is likely to be "under three months." The academic research, in China and in the West, is generally in agreement. Is there a serious threat posed by this novel coronavirus? Of course there is. The fact that we are seeing such a fast response from the medical community across the world shows that. Could this new coronavirus kill 50 million people if governments and the medical profession did not take any action at all? Quite possibly so. That's not what is happening though. Strong action is being taken to prevent further spreading. It's clear that lessons have been learned from the SARS and Ebola outbreaks in the past. Western cultures hold a particular fear of death; morbid headlines induce disproportionate panic. There is no need to terrify citizens, merely to report the facts fairly and accurately.
WS5e3104b3a310128217273910	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3104b3a310128217273910.html	2020-01-29	Foreigner among 12 new coronavirus cases in Guangzhou	  Local people wear masks as they shop in a grocery market in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A person of Pakistani nationality was diagnosed with a pneumonia infection caused by the novel coronavirus in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, on Wednesday. Twelve new cases of the novel coronavirus were confirmed in the city on the day, according to the city's health commission. Guangdong province reported 53 new cases of the novel coronavirus on Wednesday to bring to total to 241. One more patient was discharged from the hospital after treatment to join the previous four in the province, according to the provincial health commission. Heyuan and Maoming entered the list of cities in Guangdong with confirmed cases, reporting one and two cases respectively. Eighteen of the 21 prefecture-level cities in the province have reported confirmed cases, with patients aged between 11 months old and 85 years old. A total of 1,342 people who had had close contact with the confirmed patients were under medical observation.
WS5e3103f2a31012821727390d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e3103f2a31012821727390d.html	2020-01-29	Tough choices needed to bring coronavirus outbreak under control	A medical worker gives a patient medical treatment in the ICU (intensive care unit) in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, January 24, 2020. [ Photo/Xinhua] The prevention and control measures taken by China in response to the outbreak of viral pneumonia caused by the new coronavirus have been rapid, efficient, open, and transparent. Because of this, they've been widely supported by the international community. However, a small number of voices have questioned whether quarantining cities such as Wuhan is an overreaction or unduly infringes on people's individual rights. It's now clear that the coronavirus can easily spread from person to person, and the Spring Festival travel accelerated the spread of the virus. Medical experts have consistently said that reducing people's movement is important for infection control, as it effectively curbs the occurrence of new cases. Over the past few days, from the temporary closure of Wuhan's public transportation system, to the cancellation of large-scale gatherings, to the extension of the Spring Festival holiday, governments at all levels in China have made some difficult but necessary decisions to protect not only the lives of people in China, but also the health of the global public. Jeremy Farrar, head of the Wellcome Trust and a former professor of medicine at Oxford University, said that in the absence of effective treatments and vaccines, we can only rely on social interventions such as travel restrictions, isolation, frequent hand washing, and wearing masks, and that the sooner the intervention is initiated, the better. Norbert-Claude Gorin, a well-known French medical expert and member of the French Academy of Medical Sciences, said that the measures taken by China are in line with international recommendations, and he fully agrees with them. And Eric Rubin, head of the department of infectious diseases at Harvard Medical School, said in an exclusive interview with CGTN that the government's response to the new coronavirus pneumonia has shown to be reliable. Government agencies have made it clear that the care received by patients suspected or confirmed to have been infected by the virus will not be dictated by their ability to pay. As of Tuesday evening, nearly 6,000 medical personnel had arrived in Hubei Province to support the local fight against the outbreak. Companies across the country are working overtime to make masks, protective clothing, goggles, and other medical supplies. Transportation corridors will be maintained so that materials and manpower can continue to flow, and so that adequate supplies of goods at stable prices are available in the markets in the affected areas. Obviously, Wuhan has not become an isolated island because of the temporary quarantine. People across China are fighting an intense battle with this emerging outbreak. This is a new disease that threatens all of mankind, and the coordinated efforts of the international community are needed to ensure it is defeated.
WS5e31035ca31012821727390a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e31035ca31012821727390a.html	2020-01-29	The psy-war attitude towards China during the coronavirus crisis must cease	A medical worker takes a passenger's body temperature at Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, January. 22, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The outbreak of the coronavirus in Wuhan caught everyone by surprise. At the beginning of the Spring Festival holiday travel, the danger of a rapid spread was particularly dangerous. At the point it was discovered, the reaction of the government was swift and comprehensive, both with regard to prevention as well as detection, and finding out the nature of the disease is of the utmost importance in finding an antidote. Then there was the mobilization to contain the disease. Wuhan was effectively under lock-down. And given the increasing number of patients, the government has decided to build two entire new hospitals in Wuhan within six days! Construction is going on 24 hours a day. The Chinese government is following the development of the disease closely from the get-go and have taken extraordinary measures at the national level to deal with the crisis. All Spring Festival celebrations were canceled for the sake of people's health. One would think that, given the implications of this terrible epidemic, which was already spreading to other parts of the world, that the media folks in the West would assume their responsibility in getting out the unfolding picture to their readers here, who were worried about the spread of the disease. But to a large extent they preferred to use this crisis as a tool in their concerted effort to bash China. Indeed, there are some concerns reported by certain media such as doubting the reaction of the Chinese government or if Chinese officials were too remiss in alerting people that the disease could be transmitted from human contact. Journalists like the Washington Post's Anna Fifield, were more eager to surf the chat rooms for the comments of disgruntled people who complained about the restrictions, or the slow reaction of local officials or the government to the spread of the disease. There was the feigned sympathy expressed for the overworked staff in Wuhan who were making heroic efforts to deal with the overwhelming situation, as if this were a result of "mismanagement" on the part of the government. And when the government took such drastic actions as to quarantine the city, this then became the mistaken policy of an all-too "authoritarian" government. Read this excerpt from Fifield's column on January 25, regarding the decision of the Hubei government to declare a Level One emergency on January 24. "It means the local government can mobilize personnel and equipment; set up a perimeter for the epidemic and enforce a regional blockade; forcibly quarantine infected people and suspected cases; institute price controls; and punish 'rumormongers.'" But in confronting a disease like this, it is necessary to mobilize as if it were a war mobilization, because it is a war. And if you don't do that, you lose the war – and many people perish. In their eagerness to blacken the Chinese government's appropriate and forceful response to this terrible new virus, some Western media have lost all sense of morality – and sanity. Because like many such issues confronting humanity today, what strikes a population halfway around the world could be striking at home tomorrow – and we are already getting an increasing number of cases in the United States. What the psy-war mentality of the U.S. media doesn't quite grasp is that what Chinese scientists do today in finding an antidote to this disease and what the Chinese medical personnel succeed in doing, with their heroic efforts and sacrifice in preventing the spread of the disease, will save people's lives here at home as well. The openness and cooperation between Chinese and scientists abroad in this case also underlines the importance of cooperation in fields of science generally, which has been significantly reduced because of the growing anti-China bias fueled by the media. Mankind moves forward more quickly, the more our scientists can cooperate. But in order to do that, the psy-war attitude of the U.S. media toward China has to cease. The tremendous scientific and technological capabilities that are developing in China, with almost 1.4 billion people as the "gene pool" may be just the capability the world needs to overcome this threat and other threats that may raise their ugly heads.
WS5e31027aa310128217273909	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e31027aa310128217273909.html	2020-01-29	It's important to report responsibly about the coronavirus	A press conference on the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak held by the State Council Information Office in Beijing, China's capital, January 26, 2020. [ Photo/Xinhua] The coronavirus outbreak in central China's Wuhan, Hubei Province, has become one of the world's leading stories over the past week after tens of millions of people were asked to remain in the city and neighboring ones to prevent further spread of the virus. Other measures have also been introduced such as banning wildlife trade nationwide temporarily, extending the Lunar New Year holiday, screening travelers at major transport centers, and expediting the construction of new hospitals in Wuhan. Chinese President Xi Jinping also directly addressed the issue in widely reported remarks, while Chinese Premier Li Keqiang went to Hubei Province to supervise the containment efforts firsthand. China has been very transparent in its response to the viral outbreak, and the world is regularly updated on the latest developments via official statements and domestic media reports. This response has proven to be effective in reassuring the global public and has pioneered a model for other countries to follow in similar situations. Regrettably, some media outlets have been behaving irresponsibly when reporting on this story. The South China Morning Post, for example, published a piece on January 25 "Coronavirus response highlights flaws in the way China's bureaucracy handles a crisis," which is clearly intended to discredit the central government's efforts to contain the outbreak. Asia Times went even further and released an article "'(The) Chinese Dream' turns into Wuhan virus nightmare," which also propagates a political narrative. The politicization of this strictly apolitical problem speaks to the intent of some forces to take advantage of the situation to advance their own interests, exploiting people's anxiety about latest events in order to impress upon them the notion that China has reacted irresponsibly to this outbreak when it's actually their own reporting that's irresponsible. Instead of just sharing the facts as they objectively exist, they and others have taken to liberally interpreting them according to biased prisms that aim to advance political goals. This approach is in sharp contrast to the one taken by other media outlets such as Reuters and BBC. Both companies have generally stuck to reporting the facts in most instances, with the Reuter's first report on the outbreak "Factbox: The virus that wears a crown – New China virus is part of coronavirus family" while BBC released an infographic in an article "China coronavirus: A visual guide." These examples show the responsible way to report on a health crisis, which is to share the facts without political speculation. On the topic of speculation, it should be pointed out that social media has a tendency to feed into people's worst fears through the proliferation of unverified pictures and footage, which are sometimes taken out of context and subsequently misrepresented as having something to do with the given situation even when they really don't. This was on full display when the video of a Chinese blogger eating a bat in the Pacific island nation of Palau a few years ago was presented to foreign audience as being from Wuhan. The blogger has since released a statement clarifying what happened and informing everyone that she wasn't aware of the dangers of eating such an exotic meal. But the damage was already done since many across the world who initially saw the misreported footage on social media remain unaware of the facts. Instead, they're left with the false impression that a popular Chinese blogger was supposedly showing off what they believed was the Wuhan locals' love of eating bats. Whether through the publication of political speculation disguised as journalism or the sharing of unverified pictures and footage that are then falsely misrepresented as having something to do with the current outbreak, irresponsible reporting about the coronavirus contributes to global panic and is a wrong approach for anyone to take. Instead, the right way to handle this issue is to simply report the facts as they objectively exist and emphasize the authorities' effective containment efforts. Anything else likely has an agenda behind it.
WS5e310174a310128217273908	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e310174a310128217273908.html	2020-01-29	Will the coronavirus cause a major growth slowdown in China?	A pharmacy in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, January 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The panic generated by the new coronavirus, 2019-nCov, which was first reported in Wuhan, one of China's largest cities and a major domestic transport hub, reminds many of the fear and uncertainty at the peak of the 2003 SARS. China's stock market, after rising for months, has reversed itself in recent days, and global markets have followed suit, apparently reflecting concerns about the coronavirus's impact on the Chinese economy and global growth. Are these worries justified? My baseline projection is that the coronavirus outbreak will get worse before it gets better, with infections and deaths possibly peaking in the second or third week of February. But I expect that both the Chinese authorities and the World Health Organization will declare the coronavirus outbreak to be under control by early April. Under this baseline scenario, my best estimate is that the virus will have only a limited negative economic impact. Its effect on Chinese GDP growth rate in 2020 is likely to be small, perhaps a decline on the order of 0.1 percentage point. The effect in the first quarter of 2020 will be big, perhaps lowering growth by one percentage point on an annualized basis, but this will be substantially offset by above-trend growth during the rest of the year. The impact on world GDP growth will be even smaller. Such a prediction recalls the experience of the 2003 SARS crisis: a big decline in China's GDP growth in the second quarter of that year was then largely offset by higher growth in the subsequent two quarters. While the full-year growth rate in 2003 was about 10 percent, many investment banks' economists over-predicted the epidemic's negative impact on growth. Looking at annual real GDP growth rates from 2000 to 2006, it is very hard to see a SARS effect in the data. Some fear that the timing of the oubreak – at the start of the week-long Chinese New Year celebration, and in the middle of traditional school-break travels – will exacerbate the economic fallout by keeping many people away from shops, restaurants, and travel hubs. But three important factors may limit the virus' impact. First, in contrast to the SARS outbreak, China is now in the internet commerce age, with consumers increasingly doing their shopping online. Much of the reduction in offline sales owing to the virus will likely be offset by an increase in online purchases. And most of the vacations canceled today will probably be replaced by future trips, because better-off households have already set aside a holiday travel budget. Many factories have scheduled production stoppages during the Chinese New Year holidays anyway, so the timing of the outbreak may minimize the need for further shutdowns. Similarly, many government offices and schools had planned holiday closures independently of the virus outbreak. The government has just announced an extension of the holiday period, but many companies will find ways to make up the lost time later in the year. The short-term negative impact is thus likely to be concentrated among restaurants, hotels, and airlines. Second, all reports indicate that the Wuhan coronavirus is less deadly than SARS (although it may have a faster rate of transmission initially). Equally important, the Chinese authorities have been much swifter than they were during the SARS episode in moving from controlling information to controlling the spread of the virus. By implementing aggressive measures to isolate actual and potential patients from the rest of the population, the authorities have improved their chances of containing the outbreak much sooner. That, in turn, increases the likelihood that the lost economic output this quarter will be offset by increased activity in the remainder of the year. Third, whether or not China's trade negotiators realized the severity of the Wuhan virus when they signed the phase one trade deal with the United States on January 15, the timing of the agreement has turned out to be fortunate. By greatly increasing its imports of masks and medical supplies from the US (and elsewhere), China can simultaneously tackle the health crisis and fulfill its promise under the deal to import more goods. The virus' impact on other economies will be even more limited. During the last half-decade, many major central banks have developed models to gauge the impact of a slowdown in China on their economies. These models were not built with the current health crisis in mind, but they do take into account trade and financial linkages between China and their respective economies. As a rule of thumb, the negative impact of a decrease in China's GDP growth on the US and European economies is about one-fifth as large in percentage terms. For example, if the current coronavirus outbreak lowers China's growth rate by 0.1 percentage point, then growth in the US and Europe is likely to slow by about 0.02 percentage point. The impact on Australia's economy may be twice as large, given its stronger commodity-trade and tourism links with China, but a 0.04-percentage-point reduction in growth is still small. Such calculations assume that the coronavirus does not spread widely to these countries and cause direct havoc. This currently seems unlikely, given the low number of cases outside China. Of course, the impact on China and other economies could be more severe if the coronavirus crisis were to last much longer than this baseline scenario assumes. In that case, it is important to remember that Chinese policymakers still have room for both monetary and fiscal expansion: the banking-sector reserve ratio is relatively high, and the share of public-sector debt to GDP is still manageable compared to China's international peers. By using this policy space when necessary, China's authorities could limit the ultimate impact of the current health crisis. The coronavirus outbreak is understandably causing alarm in China and elsewhere. But from an economic perspective, it is too early to panic. Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2020.
WS5e30e845a31012821727389f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e30e845a31012821727389f.html	2020-01-29	123 new coronavirus cases reported in Zhejiang	A nurse checks a patient's body temperature at the People's Hospital in Deqing county, East China's Zhejiang province, on Jan 25, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] East China's Zhejiang province reported 123 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus as of midnight on Jan 28, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the province to 296. Among the newly confirmed cases, 19 were in Hangzhou, 54 in Wenzhou, 18 in Taizhou and 3 in Ningbo. In addition, a total of 5,501 people are currently under close medical observation throughout the province. Che Jun, secretary of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China, went to Wenzhou and Taizhou on Tuesday to look into the prevention and control efforts against the disease, during which he called for better-coordinated efforts and logistical guarantees in the fight against the disease.
WS5e30e3bfa31012821727387f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e30e3bfa31012821727387f.html	2020-01-29	Coronavirus cases rise to 5,974 in Chinese mainland	A medical employee works at the department of infectious diseases in Wuhan Union Hospital, to combat the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The Chinese mainland had confirmed a total of 5,974 infection cases of the novel coronavirus by Tuesday midnight, including 1,459 new confirmations, the National Health Commission said on Wednesday morning. The death toll from the pneumonia caused by the coronavirus had reached 132 across the mainland. Twenty-six died on Tuesday. The number of patients with serious symptoms was 1,239 on the mainland on Tuesday. A total of 103 patients on the mainland had recovered and been released from the hospital by the end of Tuesday. In addition to the confirmed cases, another 9,239 people on the mainland were highly likely to have been infected with the coronavirus, provisionally called 2019-nCoV, by the end of the day. A total of 3,248 mainland residents were suspected of being infected on Tuesday, including the first suspected case in Tibet, the only provincial-level region on the mainland still free from the highly contagious disease. There had been eight confirmed infections in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, seven in the Macao SAR and eight in Taiwan, the commission said. Health authorities across the mainland have traced 65,537 people who had met face-to-face with infected people. A total of 59,990 of them are still under medical observation, according to the commission. In Central China's Hubei province, where the epidemic has hit the hardest, 3,554 infection cases had been confirmed as of Tuesday, including 125 deaths, the provincial health commission said on Wednesday. The number of confirmed infections in Hubei increased by 840 on Tuesday, and the death toll rose by 25 on the same day.
WS5e30e17ca310128217273875	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e30e17ca310128217273875.html	2020-01-29	3,554 total coronavirus cases confirmed in Hubei	A medical employee works at the department of infectious diseases in Wuhan Union Hospital, to combat the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Central China's Hubei province has confirmed 3,554 cases of the novel coronavirus as of Tuesday, the provincial health commission said on Wednesday morning. The number of confirmed infections in Hubei increased by 840 on Tuesday, and the death toll rose by 25 on the same day, according to a statement on the commission's website. By the end of Tuesday, 125 people had been killed by the highly contagious pneumonia, and 80 patients had been cured and released from the hospital. Currently 3,349 people are receiving hospitalization in Hubei. Among them, 671 patients have serious symptoms and another 228 people are in critical condition, the commission added. Provincial health authorities have traced 22,095 people who have met face-to-face with infected people. A total of 20,366 of them are under medical observation, according to the commission. In Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak, 315 new infections were confirmed on Tuesday, increasing the number of patients to 1,905 in the provincial capital. Nineteen patients died on the day in the economic and transportation hub in central China.
WS5e30c892a31012821727384b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e30c892a31012821727384b.html	2020-01-29	United Airlines to suspend 24 US-China flights over coronavirus	United Airlines announced on Tuesday that it is suspending 24 flights between China and the US in the first week of February amid coronavirus travel warnings. "Due to a significant decline in demand for travel to China, we are suspending some flights between our hub cities and Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai beginning Feb 1 through Feb 8," United said in a statement. The affected US hubs include San Francisco International, Newark Liberty International, Chicago O'Hare International and Washington Dulles International. United said it usually operates 12 flights per day from the US to the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. According to the reduction, between Feb 1 and Feb 8, three fights to Hong Kong, 10 flights to Beijing, and 11 flights to Shanghai would be canceled. The 2019 novel coronavirus, first identified in Wuhan, in Central China's Hubei province, is an ongoing outbreak. The National Health Commission of China reported that as of Jan 27, there were 4,515 confirmed cases in 30 provinces; 106 deaths; 60 patients who have recovered; and 6,973 suspected cases. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported five confirmed cases in the United States. The CDC issued a level 3 travel warning, urging US citizens to avoid all nonessential travel to China. "We will continue to monitor the situation as it develops and will adjust our schedule as needed," United said in the statement. Zong Yi in Washington contributed to this story.
WS5e30b96aa310128217273838	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e30b96aa310128217273838.html	2020-01-29	3 new novel coronavirus infection cases confirmed in Germany	Three new cases of novel coronavirus infection have been confirmed in Germany, bringing the total number of patients with the disease in the country to four. All four people who tested positive work for the same company near Starnberg, Bavaria, and are believed to have come into contact with the virus via a colleague from China who visited Germany for a workshop last week. "There were a total of around 40 employees who have been determined to have been in contact with the (Chinese) woman," German health authorities said on Tuesday. "Those affected will be tested on Wednesday as a precaution." As of Tuesday, novel coronavirus has killed 106 people and infected more than 4,600 others. The first confirmed European cases of infection occured last week in France.
WS5e30a3fba310128217273824	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/29/WS5e30a3fba310128217273824.html	2020-01-29	Race for coronavirus vaccine begins	The race is on to find a vaccine for the novel coronavirus. The Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) announced on Thursday that it will give three companies a total of $12.5 million to develop a vaccine.
WS5e303d05a3101282172737f4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e303d05a3101282172737f4.html	2020-01-28	Dedicated medics treat patients in Wuhan with novel coronavirus pneumonia	Two medics treat a patient with novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Medics treat a patient with novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 27, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Medics treat a patient with novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Medics treat a patient with novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] A medic pours a drink for a patient with novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] A group of medics treat a patient with novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Medics show their positive spirit as they encourage each other to fight novel-coronavirus pneumonia at Zhongnan hospital of Wuhan University on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo by Gao Xiang/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e3016aaa3101282172737c2	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e3016aaa3101282172737c2.html	2020-01-28	China's confidence, capability will win battle against coronavirus epidemic: Xi	Chinese President Xi Jinping meets with visiting World Health Organization Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, capital of China, Jan 28, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] China has full confidence and capability to win the battle of prevention and control against the outbreak of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus, President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday. Xi made the remarks while meeting with Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the World Health Organization at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. "The Chinese people right now are faced with a very serious battle. And for the Chinese government, this is something that we take very seriously, because in our view, nothing matters more than people's safety and health for us," Xi said. Xi mentioned that on Saturday, the very first day of the Chinese Lunar New Year, the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee convened a special meeting on the outbreak of the disease. "And that tells you how seriously the CPC is taking this issue and what a priority it is for us," Xi said, adding that the CPC also has established a Central Committee leading group on responding to the disease outbreak.All the Chinese people and government at all different levels are fighting the very serious battle against the epidemic, Xi said. With strong resolve, a scientific approach and tailor-made policies, China will be able to prevail over this outbreak, he added. Noting that the WHO has been playing a positive role in coping with public health and safety issues, Xi said China looks forward to continuing positive cooperation with the WHO to share information about the epidemic. Tedros spoke highly of the measures taken by China on dealing with the disease, including sharing information internationally. "And the other important element is the political commitment and your personal leadership, which we have been following," Tedros said to Xi. China's political commitment and the country's serious measures will help stop the spread of the virus, he said, adding that the WHO appreciated Xi's very strong leadership and that China will finally win the battle against the epidemic. The WHO firmly supports the measures taken by the Chinese government to fight against the epidemic, and it would like to enhance communication and cooperation with China, he said.
WS5e300feba3101282172737b1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e300feba3101282172737b1.html	2020-01-28	New coronavirus spreads mainly by droplets, but also touch: Chinese health authorities	BEIJING - The new virus that is causing an epidemic in China is transmitted mainly through air droplets, but touching can spread the virus too, according to Chinese health authorities. This information was revealed in an updated trial plan for the diagnosis and treatment of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus, issued by the National Health Commission on Tuesday. Compared to the earlier version, the plan adds three epidemiological features of the virus. It says the main source of infection at present is the people who are infected with the virus. People are generally susceptible to the virus, including children and infants, the plan says. If infected, elderly people and people with underlying health problems such as diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases are more prone to become severely ill. Chinese health authorities announced Tuesday that 4,515 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus had been reported in 30 provincial-level regions by the end of Monday. A total of 106 people have died of the disease.
WS5e300dcca3101282172737ac	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e300dcca3101282172737ac.html	2020-01-28	Beijing reports 11 new coronavirus cases, bringing total to 91	People wear masks at Beijing South Railway Station in Beijing on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] Beijing reported 11 new confirmed coronavirus cases on Tuesday, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the capital to 91, with the first death reported last night, according to the city's municipal health commission. Among the new cases, five people had a connection with Central China's Hubei province and seven had close contact with previously confirmed cases. All had been sent to the city's designated hospitals for further treatment, the Beijing Municipal Health Commission said on Tuesday. By 12 pm on Tuesday, the capital city had confirmed 91 coronavirus cases. Among them, 21 people are in Haidian district, 17 are from Chaoyang district, and 11 patients are recent visitors to Beijing. The commission also reported one death last night, the first from the novel coronavirus in the capital, a 50-year-old man who had traveled to Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, in January. Government agencies and organs at different levels in Beijing have geared up to combat the spread of the novel coronavirus. For example, workers in Beijing can use flexible hours and off-peak commutes and conduct business through telephones and the internet to reduce secondary infections. Regular sanitation and disinfection also should be applied in hotels and restaurants, as well as public transport stations in the city. The density and scale of the population in crowded places of the capital also should be contained, with body temperature taken in public spaces, according to the Beijing municipal government.
WS5e300440a3101282172737aa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e300440a3101282172737aa.html	2020-01-28	China fast-tracks novel coronavirus vaccine development	SHANGHAI - The project for the development of an mRNA vaccine targeting the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has been urgently approved, said Shanghai East Hospital of Tongji University. The vaccine will be co-developed by the hospital and Stermirna Therapeutics Co Ltd. Li Hangwen, CEO of Stermirna Therapeutics, said no more than 40 days will be needed to manufacture the vaccine samples based on the new generation of mRNA technology and some preliminary procedures. The samples will be sent for tests and brought to clinics as soon as possible. The production cycle of traditional vaccines can be as long as five to six months, whereas the mRNA vaccine has the advantage of a shorter development and production cycle.
WS5e3002c0a3101282172737a3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e3002c0a3101282172737a3.html	2020-01-28	4th coronavirus patient in Shanghai released from hospital	The fourth patient in Shanghai to recover from the novel coronavirus infection is released from the hospital, on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo Zhang Kun/chinadaily.com.cn] Shanghai's fourth patient to recover from the novel coronavirus infection was released from hospital on Tuesday. The 21-year-old woman was identified only by her surname, Jin. She is a Shanghai resident who used to live in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. She sought medical treatment for fever and was diagnosed with the infection and hospitalized at the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center on Wednesday. "I am grateful for the dedication and care of the doctors and nurses at the center," the woman said at the gate of the emergency wards building at the center. She recovered quite quickly. According to Chen Liang, deputy director of the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center, the patient "had normal body temperature for three days in a row, her symptoms in the respiratory tract were relieved, and pulmonary imaging showed the root cause has been well absorbed." Shanghai's fourth patient who recovered from the novel coronavirus infection clutches a stuffed toy and flowers as she is released from the hospital, on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo Zhang Kun/chinadaily.com.cn] She went through the nucleic acid test for the new coronavirus twice and both times with a negative result. A team of medical experts evaluated her situation and made the conclusion that she had reached the recovery criteria for the infection set by the National Health Commission. Yesterday afternoon Shanghai's second and third patients, a 58-year-old woman and her 56-year-old husband, were released from quarantine and left the hospital. It took no more than 10 days for the couple to recover from the new coronavirus infection. The first recovered patient in Shanghai was a 56-year-old woman from Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. She also was the first patient in Shanghai diagnosed with the new coronavirus infection. She had a fever and lethargy before coming to Shanghai, and was quarantined on Jan 15 after visiting the fever clinic in the city, and released from the hospital on Friday. Caption: Shanghai's fourth patient recovered from the novel coronavirus infection and was released from the hospital on Jan 28, 2020. [Photo by Zhang Kun/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e2ffcc2a31012821727379b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2ffcc2a31012821727379b.html	2020-01-28	Xi encourages unity against coronavirus	None
WS5e2ffca6a31012821727379a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2ffca6a31012821727379a.html	2020-01-28	Expert answers 8 key questions on novel coronavirus	None
WS5e2ff989a31012821727378c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2ff989a31012821727378c.html	2020-01-28	Coronavirus info available to foreigners in Wuhan	To provide foreigners staying and residing in Wuhan timely consultation and assistance on epidemic prevention and control of pneumonia caused by the new coronavirus, Wuhan Municipal Foreign Affairs Office has opened 24-hour consultation service hotlines as follows: （12 am-12pm） Mr He 15989499096; Miss Gao 18086457179 (12 pm-12 am) Mr Zhang 13419692520 Miss Liu 18827377459
37533275	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/shanghai/jiading/2020-01/28/content_37533275.htm	2020-01-28	Shanghai government briefs public on coronavirus	Shanghai Municipal People's Government holds a media briefing on Sunday evening. [Photo by Zhou Wenting/chinadaily.com.cn] The Shanghai government reassured residents of the city's public health and safety amid the novel coronavirus epidemic, having taken strict measures to screen suspected patients and uphold standard quarantine procedures. All confirmed and suspected patients have been quarantined for medical treatment at designated local hospitals and all the people having close contact with them, including families, colleagues and friends, have been quarantined for medical observation or ordered to stay home separately for at least 14 days, the Shanghai Municipal People's Government said at a media briefing on Sunday evening. "There are some reports online of certain spots in the city where such patients were found but there is no need for residents to be overly concerned of the public health situation at such venues," said Wu Fan, director of the Shanghai Preventive Medicine Association. She also responded to public concerns over the medical observation spots where people from Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, are gathered together. Wu assured residents the spots will not pose health risk to neighbors. "Such people under collective medical observation are currently healthy and do not show any symptoms of the disease, and such spots are disinfected on a daily basis," Wu said. Wu Jinglei, director of the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission, said that among the 40 confirmed cases in the city, 15 were long-time residents of Wuhan, 16 had traveled to Wuhan recently and nine were those who had close contact with them. The commission suggested residents cancel visits to relatives and friends, a tradition of Chinese New Year, if at all possible and wash hands thoroughly whenever arriving home from outside. The Shanghai Municipal Transportation Commission announced earlier Sunday all inter-provincial passenger bus services to and from the municipality had been suspended indefinitely. The inter-provincial section of Shanghai's Metro Line 11, which links Huaqiao in Jiangsu province to Anting in Shanghai, has also been suspended starting 1 pm Sunday. The line is the country's first inter-provincial metro. The time when the transport service will be resumed is uncertain. The municipal government will hold a media briefing on a daily basis beginning Sunday to inform the public of the latest disease conditions and relevant public policies.
WS5e2fe73ea310128217273779	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2fe73ea310128217273779.html	2020-01-28	WHO leader praises China's response to novel coronavirus outbreak	China's powerful system and the effective measures it has taken to prevent and control novel coronavirus-related pneumonia are rarely seen in the world, Director-General of the United Nations' World Health Organization Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said on Tuesday. Ghebreyesus made the remarks while meeting with State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi in Beijing. The WHO and the international community highly appreciates, and fully affirms the decisive measures the Chinese government has taken to deal with the outbreak and also thank China for its tremendous efforts to curb the spread of the contagion, he said. China set a record in identifying the pathogen in a short time following the outbreak of the contagious disease, Ghebreyesus said, and he praised the country's timely sharing of the virus' DNA information with the WHO and other countries. The WHO hopes to strengthen cooperation with China and also stands ready to provide all necessary assistance in line with the country's need, he added. Regarding some countries' intention to withdraw their nationals from China, particularly those in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, which is the epicenter of the outbreak, Ghebreyesus said the WHO does not support such a move. He said that in current circumstances, countries should stay calm and avoid overreacting. The WHO has full confidence in China's capability of preventing and controlling the contagion, Ghebreyesus said.
WS5e2fcad2a310128217273743	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2fcad2a310128217273743.html	2020-01-28	Confirmed coronavirus cases rise to 4,515 on Chinese mainland	Workers catch a giant salamander which is still alive outside the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan city, Hubei province, Jan 27, 2020. [Photo by Yuan Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn] The Chinese mainland had confirmed a total of 4,515 infection cases of the novel coronavirus by Monday midnight, including 1,771 new confirmations, the National Health Commission said on Tuesday. By the end of Monday, there had been 4,515 confirmed infections of the highly contagious pneumonia on the mainland as well as eight in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, seven in the Macao SAR and five in Taiwan, the commission said on its website. The number of patients with serious symptoms reached 976 on the mainland on Monday. It added that 6,973 people on the mainland are highly likely to have been infected with the coronavirus, provisionally called 2019-nCoV. Sixty patients had been cured and released from the hospital by the end of Monday. All of the provincial-level regions, except the Tibet autonomous region, have reported infections in their jurisdiction. Twenty-six patients with the pneumonia, which was first reported in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, died on Monday, bringing the death toll to 106 on the mainland, according to the commission. Health authorities across the mainland have traced 47,833 people who have met face-to-face with infected people. A total of 44,132 of them are under medical observation, according to the commission. In Hubei, the most affected province in the respiratory disease outbreak, the number of confirmed infections increased by 1,291 on Monday, and the death toll rose by 24 in the province. By the end of Monday, Hubei had reported 2,714 confirmed infections including 100 deaths, the provincial health commission said on Tuesday. Currently 2,567 people are hospitalized in Hubei. Among them, 563 patients have serious symptoms and another 69 people are in critical condition, it noted.
WS5e2fb3e5a310128217273736	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2fb3e5a310128217273736.html	2020-01-28	Trump offers help to China to fight coronavirus	The US is in close contact with China and offers whatever help is needed to fight the coronavirus outbreak, President Donald Trump said on Monday, as the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) raised its travel precautions for the country to its highest level. "We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus," Trump tweeted early Monday. "Very few cases reported in the USA, but strongly on watch. We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary. Our experts are extraordinary!" Vice-President Mike Pence echoed the president in the afternoon, saying at the White House Initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders Lunar New Year Celebration that he knew the hearts of many Americans "are with the Chinese families that are being impacted" by the viral outbreak. "We stand ready to help the people of China confront the coronavirus," Pence said. So far, 4515 cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) were confirmed in China, including 976 people in critical condition reported in the country by the end of Monday. The death toll exceeded 100, and China extended the traditional Lunar New Year holiday to keep the public at home and avoid spreading infection. In the US, five travelers from Wuhan have been confirmed to have been infected with the virus in Arizona, California, Illinois and Washington state. The situation has prompted the US State Department to encourage Americans to "reconsider" any plans to travel to China on Monday. On Sunday, the US State Department said it will organize a single flight to evacuate diplomats and a few private citizens from Wuhan where the virus broke out last month. The plane is expected to leave Tuesday and fly to San Francisco. Also on Monday, the CDC raised its travel precautions for China to its highest of three levels: "Warning". "CDC recommends that travelers avoid all nonessential travel to China," it said in an update. The CDC tweeted earlier in the day, "The immediate health risk from #2019nCoV in the U.S. is currently considered low." "Person-to-person spread in the United States has not yet been detected, but it's likely to occur to some extent," the CDC said in an advisory posted to its website. Nevertheless, the CDC said more cases in the US are "likely" to be detected, including in the US. The virus could be spread person-to-person and it "would not be surprising" if the virus were spread in some hospitals. The CDC is screening passengers on direct and connecting flights from Wuhan at five major airports: Atlanta, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York. CDC teams have been sent to Illinois and Washington state to assist in ongoing investigations of the virus. The CDC recommends getting a flu shot and taking routine preventative actions such as frequent and vigorous hand-washing, especially after going into public places or riding public transportation. The US stock markets tumbled Monday. the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by more than 450 points, or 1.57 percent, to 28,535.8; the S&P 500 lost 51.84 points, or 1.57 percent, to 3,243.63; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 175.60 points, or 1.89 percent to 9,139.31. Investors bought bonds as a safe haven. Airline, cruise and hotel stocks dropped on fears that the virus could limit global travel. Bloomberg News reported that China's markets will remain closed until Feb 3 after officials extended the Lunar New Year break three days as part of the effort to contain the virus. Trading will resume next Monday in Shanghai and Shenzhen, but authorities advised that most companies shouldn't resume work until at least Feb 9. Dr Paul Stoffels, Johnson & Johnson's chief scientific officer, said the drugmaker can develop a vaccine in a few months to fight the coronavirus, but that it could take as much as a year to bring it to market. "We have dozens of scientists working on this, so we're pretty confident we can get something made that will work and stay active for the longer term," he told CNBC. "We'll see in the next few weeks how this goes."
WS5e2fa0a0a310128217273713	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2fa0a0a310128217273713.html	2020-01-28	Germany confirms first novel coronavirus case	BERLIN - Germany confirmed the first case of the novel coronavirus infection Monday night, according to the health authorities of Bavaria. The Bavarian health authorities said in a press release that the infected man is from Starnberg, a town some 30 km Southwest of Munich. The "Task Force Infectiology" of the Bavarian State Office for Health and Food Safety said that the patient, who is in good clinical condition, is monitored medically and isolated. The close contacts of the man are cleared up and informed about possible symptoms, hygiene measures and transmission channels. The state health authorities and the Robert Koch Institute, Germany's leading public health agency, are currently considering the risk for the Bavarian population to be infected with the novel coronavirus is low.
WS5e2f9059a3101282172736f0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2f9059a3101282172736f0.html	2020-01-28	Shanghai confirms 13 new coronavirus cases, total rises to 66	People buy masks at a pharmacy in Shanghai on Jan 27, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] Shanghai announced on Tuesday morning that 13 novel coronavirus cases were confirmed on the previous day, taking the total number of confirmed cases in the city to 66 as of Jan 27. The Shanghai Health Commission said among all the confirmed cases, 35 are men and 31 women. The oldest patient is 88 and the youngest 7. Twenty-seven patients had lived in Hubei province and 23 had traveled there recently, while 16 of them were those who had close contact with confirmed patients. At present, 60 of them are in stable condition, two are still in critical condition, and three patients were cured and released from the hospital. One man died. A total of 129 suspected patients are under medical observation and 75 suspected cases have been eliminated.
WS5e2f6984a3101282172736d6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2f6984a3101282172736d6.html	2020-01-28	CDC says no new cases of coronavirus in US	A screenshot from the official website of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. [Photo/cdc.gov] The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said Monday it had found no new cases of coronavirus but continues to investigate 110 people in 26 states for possible exposure. Two cases have been confirmed in California. Individual cases have been confirmed in Arizona, Illinois and Washington state. All patients had recently traveled to Wuhan, center of the outbreak in China, the CDC said. In response, the CDC said it is screening passengers on direct and connecting flights from Wuhan at five major airports: Atlanta, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York. The Los Angeles Health Department said the county's only patient is receiving medical treatment and stressed that there is "no immediate threat" to the public and that "no special precautions are required." Another case was confirmed in Orange County, immediately south of Los Angeles. A student at Arizona State University in Phoenix who recently returned from Wuhan has been diagnosed with the virus and has been isolated to prevent spread of the illness. The student did not live in a university dormitory, health officials said. The CDC said it has sent investigators to Illinois and Washington state to check the histories of the patients and to determine if others have been exposed to the virus. The CDC said those who have minimal contact with an infected person — such as a supermarket, movie theater or other public place — are at minimal risk of developing an infection. This is flu season and the CDC recommends taking routine preventative actions: getting a flu shot and vigorous handwashing after going into public places or riding public transportation. But Chinese officials said the virus may be infectious before a person develops symptoms. If so, that could make the outbreak harder to contain because there may be hidden carriers. Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), killed about 600 in China and was not contagious during the incubation period, health officials said. Worldwide, cases of the current strain of the coronavirus have been confirmed in Japan, South Korea, Nepal, Thailand, Cambodia, Singapore, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Canada and France. The World Health Organization (WHO) said the extent of person-to-person transmission is unclear and about 25 percent of the confirmed cases are severe. The outbreak is believed to have started in an animal market in Wuhan. The WHO said the outbreak does not yet constitute an international public health emergency. The organization will continue to work with Chinese and health officials worldwide. US President Donald Trump said Monday he had offered Chinese officials "any help that is necessary" to fight the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan where about 2,800 people have been infected and at least 82 have died. "We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus," Trump said in a tweet. "Very few cases reported in the USA, but strongly on watch. We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary. Our experts are extraordinary!" On Sunday, the US State Department said it will organize a single flight out of Wuhan to evacuate diplomats and a few private citizens from the city hit hard by the coronavirus. The plane is expected to leave Tuesday and fly to San Francisco. "The capacity is extremely limited and if here is insufficient ability to transport everyone who expresses interest, priority will be given to individuals at great risk from the coronavirus," the State Department said in a statement. US citizens with a valid passport were advised to contact the US Embassy in Beijing. Those making the flight will be expected to reimburse the government for travel costs. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed Monday at 28,535.80 down 453.93 points, or 1.57 percent. The market dropped 424 points in early trading, but regained about 50 points by midday before retreating. Oil stocks fell on fears that the outbreak could slow economic growth in China, the world's largest energy consumer. Airline, cruise and hotel stocks dropped on fears that the virus could limit global travel. Copper also fell. China is the world's largest consumer of industrial commodities. Investors bought bonds as a safe haven. Investors will keep an eye on the Federal Reserve's announcement Wednesday on interest rates. Most analysts expect the central bank to leave the benchmark rate unchanged at 1.50 to 1.75 percent. Bloomberg News reported that China's markets will remain closed until Feb 3 after officials extended the Lunar New Year break three days as part of the effort to contain the virus. Trading will resume next Monday in Shanghai and Shenzhen, but authorities advised that most companies shouldn't resume work until at least Feb 9. However, China's government has imposed strict limits on travel in Hubei province where the outbreak was first reported and the CDC warned travelers to avoid Wuhan and that part of China. Dr Paul Stoffels, Johnson & Johnson's chief scientific officer, said the drug-maker can develop a vaccine in a few months to fight the coronavirus but that it could take as much as a year to bring it to market. "We have dozens of scientists working on this so we're pretty confident we can get something made that will work and stay active for the longer term," he told CNBC. "We'll see in the next few weeks how this goes." The CDC recommends getting a flu shot and taking routine preventative actions such as frequent and vigorous hand-washing, especially after going into public places or riding public transportation. The coronaviruses are named for the crown-like spikes on their surfaces. Most infections are limited to animals, including pigs and cats. In recent years, the coronaviruses have caused worldwide outbreak among humans, but officials don't know how easily the current strain of the virus is spread between people, the CDC said. Researchers have identified seven strains of the virus known to infect humans. Most strains lead to common colds, but two are known to be deadly and cause Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), the CDC said.
WS5e2f15dca3101282172736a7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2f15dca3101282172736a7.html	2020-01-28	Chinese companies donate to fight outbreak of coronavirus	Chinese technology companies have made donations and provided medical supplies to help fight against the outbreak of new coronavirus-related pneumonia in Central China's Hubei province. E-commerce giant Alibaba announced it has set up a special fund of 1 billion yuan ($144.2 million) for medical supplies. The fund will be used to purchase medical equipment and medicine from home and abroad, and delivered to Hubei province, where the outbreak is most severe. The company will continue to coordinate with plants in 58 regions in the country to resume the production of medical supplies. The first batch of 3.3 million masks will be sent to Wuhan through three"green passages". Tencent Charity Foundation donated 300 million yuan, which will be used to purchase masks, sanitizers and other medical supplies, as well as help and motivate medical staff. Moreover, charity projects have been set up on its platform to allow people to make donations.  Chinese internet search giant Baidu announced it has established a special fund of 300 million yuan for epidemic prevention and public health security. The fund will be used to support the selection, research and development of drugs targeting the new coronavirus and a string of works to fight against the epidemic, as well as popularize and disseminate health security information for the long term. Internet behemoth ByteDance announced it has decided to donate 200 million yuan to the Chinese Red Cross Foundation to set up a special fund for humanitarian assistance for medical personnel in the prevention and control of pneumonia outbreaks and fighting against the novel coronavirus infection. All medical personnel involved in the prevention of the new type of pneumonia in the first line will receive 100,000 yuan in assistance, if they are infected, and up to 1 million yuan if they have made other significant contributions. Short video platform Kuaishou donated 100 million yuan and 50,000 masks to Wuhan in response to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia. JD said it has donated 1 million masks and 60,000 medical supplies. The first batch of medical supplies were delivered to Wuhan hospitals on Jan 24. Bilibili donated 10 million yuan to the Hubei Charity Federation, and provided medical supplies valued at over 300,000 yuan to Wuhan hospitals. Home appliances giant TCL donated 10 million yuan and offered LCD display equipment, air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators to two SARS treatment-model makeshift hospitals in Wuhan. Haier announced to donate 3 million yuan in cash, which will be used for the purchase of medical equipment, and 2 million yuan of home appliances, such as fresh-air system, disinfection cabinet and electric water heater .  Chinese smartphone vendors Huawei, Oppo and Vivo announced that they had each donated 30 million yuan to help fight against the outbreak of novel coronavirus in Hubei province. Computer manufacturing company Lenovo said it would donate all IT equipment necessary for the specialist treatment center being built in Wuhan. Chinese on-demand service platform Meituan-Dianping announced the establishment of a special fund totaling 200 million yuan against the outbreak of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia. The fresh fund will be mainly used to support medical workers in seriously-affected areas such as Wuhan, including help in medical supplies and life services. In addition to the fund, the company whose business spanning online food delivery to ride-hailing, will provide 1,000 free take-outs per day for medical workers. To avoid infection, Meituan also launched a "non-contact delivery" first in Wuhan, where users can ask deliverymen to put the take-out in the assigned place. Online education startup Yuanfudao donated 10 million yuan in response to the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia. The money has already been used by Wuhan Charity Federation to offer help in the purchase of urgent-needed medical materials and equipment. Following a 20-million-yuan donation, Chinese education leader TAL Education Group also announced to use another 80 million yuan to help students in areas that have been affected by the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia. As most schools have postponed the beginning of the spring term, TAL said that it will offer free livestreaming courses and technological support to students in those areas. Apart from Chinese tech enterprises, US tech giant Dell Technologies has donated a total of 2 million yuan to China Youth Development Foundation. The donation will be used to purchase badly-needed materials including surgical masks, protective clothing and eye protectors. The computer maker has also provided necessary IT equipment for medical institutions and telecommunications. The firm also ensured that its team in Wuhan always on call to offer help. Staff from Dell China have donated 300,000 yuan within three hours on the Lunar New Year's Eve to purchase medical materials. The first batch has already been delivered to local hospitals.
WS5e2f106da31012821727369f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/28/WS5e2f106da31012821727369f.html	2020-01-28	Beijing reports capital's first death from coronavirus	A man died from the novel coronavirus in Beijing on Monday, in the capital's first reported death from the virus as the total number of confirmed cases in the area climbed to 80. The man, 50, had visited Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak on January 8 and developed a fever after returning to Beijing on January 15. He went to the hospital on January 21 and was diagnosed the next day. He was treated in hospital but died of respiratory failure on Monday, according to the Beijing Municipal Health Commission. Between 9am to 8pm on Monday, eight new infections were confirmed in the capital, pushing the total number to 80 in Beijing out of 2,700 cases across the country. Among those in the capital, 63 are in stable condition, 12 seriously ill, two in critical condition, two have been discharged from the hospital, and one has died.
WS5e2eeff2a310128217273691	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2eeff2a310128217273691.html	2020-01-27	Hubei reports 1,423 confirmed novel coronavirus as of Sunday	Among the confirmed cases, 221 patients have serious symptoms and 69 people are in critical condition, Yang Yunyan, vice-governor of Hubei, said at a news conference on Monday night. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] As of Sunday midnight, Central China's Hubei province had reported 1,423 confirmed infections of the novel coronavirus, including 76 deaths, according to local government data. Among the confirmed cases, 221 patients have serious symptoms and 69 people are in critical condition, Yang Yunyan, vice-governor of Hubei, said at a news conference on Monday night. A total of 44 people have been cured and released from the hospital. Health authorities have also traced 10,394 people who were in close contact with patients and put them under medical observation, according to the local government.
WS5e2ee916a310128217273681	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ee916a310128217273681.html	2020-01-27	Cambodia confirms first case of novel coronavirus: health minister	PHNOM PENH - A Chinese man from the central Chinese city of Wuhan was confirmed as the first person in Cambodia infected with the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), Cambodian Health Minister Mam Bunheng announced at a press conference here on Monday evening. He said the Chinese man, 60, was tested positive for the virus by the Pasteur Institute in Cambodia on Monday afternoon. "The patient is currently in a stable condition, and he has cold only," Bunheng said. According to the minister, the patient, along with his three family members, arrived in southwestern Cambodia's Preah Sihanouk province on Jan 23 by a direct flight from Wuhan to Preah Sihanouk province and he showed the symptoms of fever and runny nose on Jan 25. Bunheng said the patient's three family members have not showed any symptoms of the novel coronavirus yet and doctors are closely monitoring their health situation. He said the patient was placed in a quarantine room at the Preah Sihanouk Provincial Hospital. The novel coronavirus is mainly transmitted via the respiratory tract and can be transmitted through human contact, Bunheng said, adding that symptoms of the disease include high body temperature (above 38 Celsius), runny nose, sore throat and shortness of breath. Pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus was first reported in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in December 2019. Chinese health authorities announced Monday that 2,744 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), including 461 in critical condition, had been reported in the country by the end of Sunday. The pneumonia situation has resulted in a total of 80 deaths. Fifty-one people have recovered.
WS5e2ed45fa31012821727367b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ed45fa31012821727367b.html	2020-01-27	Medical team from Jiangxi leaves for Wuhan to aid novel coronavirus control efforts	Medical staff members load luggages on a bus before heading for Wuhan of Hubei province in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, Jan 27, 2020. A team comprised of 138 medical workers from Jiangxi left for Wuhan city on Monday to aid the novel coronavirus control efforts there. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical staff members load luggages on a bus before heading for Wuhan of Hubei province in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, Jan 27, 2020. A team comprised of 138 medical workers from Jiangxi left for Wuhan City on Monday to aid the novel coronavirus control efforts there. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical staff members prepares to leave for Wuhan of Hubei province in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, Jan 27, 2020. A team comprised of 138 medical workers from Jiangxi left for Wuhan city on Monday to aid the novel coronavirus control efforts there. [Photo/Xinhua] Medical staff members prepares to leave for Wuhan of Hubei province in Nanchang, East China's Jiangxi province, Jan 27, 2020. A team comprised of 138 medical workers from Jiangxi left for Wuhan city on Monday to aid the novel coronavirus control efforts there. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e2ec8fca310128217273675	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ec8fca310128217273675.html	2020-01-27	Reports of infected children mark new stage in spread of coronavirus	People are seen wearing masks at Beijing Railway Station on Jan 21, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Experts said the rising number of cases of novel coronavirus infection among children shows the spread of the pandemic is entering another stage, and called for care and precautions to protect children. "The disease transmits among humans regardless of age," said Yi Wenlong, professor and chief physician of pediatrics at Tianyou Hospital in Wuhan in Central China's Hubei province. "Young or old, all who haven't been infected are susceptible to the virus." Yi spoke of susceptibility to the novel coronavirus in response to the emergence of infections among children. A six-year-old child was diagnosed with the new pneumonia in Guangzhou on Monday, and a nine-month-old infant was confirmed with the infection in Beijing on Sunday. In Shanghai, one child with the infection was reported on Wednesday, according to local health authorities. The total number of children infected nationwide was unclear as of press time. Yi said that in the first stage of the epidemic, the virus was transmitted mostly in the workplace and outdoors, and since the majority of activities for children take place indoors, few cases of infection in children were reported. "Now as the epidemic spreads to families, children become susceptible when an adult family member gets infected," he said, adding that the treatment measures for children are the same as for adult but with reduced doses of medicine, depending on their physical condition. Zhang Wenhong, director of the infectious disease department at Huashan Hospital in Shanghai, said in a previous interview with Shanghai Television that the relatively small number of cases of children with the infection didn't mean children were not susceptible to the virus. "Chinese parents are prone to be overprotective of their children, which has reduced the risk of children being exposed to the disease," he said. "It is also possible that due to children's weaker immunity, symptoms in the infected children are not showing. "But I advise parents to pay attention to their children and not to take them traveling around. This is very crucial." Zeng Guang, a member of a high-level expert group with the National Health Commission, warned of the possible spread of the epidemic among children and young adults, and suggested staying home is an effective protection. The State Council, which is China's Cabinet, postponed the opening of the spring semester for schools nationwide from kindergarten to university in a notice issued on Sunday. "The exact date of the opening of spring semester will be announced by education authorities," it said. Liu Kun in Wuhan contributed to this story.
WS5e2ec39ea31012821727366b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ec39ea31012821727366b.html	2020-01-27	Fifth novel coronavirus-related pneumonia case in Taiwan confirmed	TAIPEI - Taiwan confirmed a fifth case of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia, the island's epidemic monitoring agency said Monday. A woman in her 50s from Taiwan returned from Central China's Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus, showing symptoms of fever and muscle ache on Jan 25, the agency said in a press release. The hospital placed her in an isolation ward on Jan 25 and confirmed the infection Monday. The patient has been in stable condition, and authorities are monitoring the health condition of people who had contact with her. Currently, the island still has 207 suspected cases under quarantine.
WS5e2ec20ca310128217273662	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ec20ca310128217273662.html	2020-01-27	Nurse battles coronavirus on the frontline	Jiang Ting [Photo/chinadaily.com.cn] Jiang Ting, a nurse with Guangdong Second Provincial General Hospital It's 4 am on Monday when my colleague, Yi Bingkun, and I finished the night shift. It's the 50th hour since we arrived in Wuhan to help fight against the novel coronavirus. The situation here is far more grievous than what we imagined, with more suspected cases and an acute shortage of medical staff. We are here to bring them hope, but it seems that we assume more responsibilities. The ward was almost overloaded during our first night shift and we continued to receive more patients. My colleague and I plunged into work without delay after wearing protective suits. However, an emergency occurred when a patient went into sudden cardiac arrest when we had just changed shifts. Kun (my colleague Yi Bingkun's nickname) rushed to give chest compressions to the patient and I called a doctor for help. The patient, unfortunately, died of severe illness after all rescue measures failed. The patient's family, however, sent their gratitude to us. Their every single "Thank you" makes me feel warm and that the efforts we've made are worthwhile. But Kun brought me more warmth because of his bravery and spirit. I once asked him whether he felt afraid about the possibility of becoming infected when saving the patient. He told me that, "Yes, I was really scared at the time because I do have my family and my kid. But I was more afraid that the life might disappear in front of me." I'm really proud to have Kun as my team member. Our night shift should have been finished at midnight, but it ended at 3 am that night. We found our clothes were drenched after we took off our protective suits. I remember that it was 5 am when we finished washing. What is impressive is that my colleagues messaged us, worrying why Kun and I didn't come back with the clock pointing to 1 am, 2 am or even 3 am. They urged us to let them know we were okay as soon as we came back. The tiredness soon lifted. Kun and I were in a hurry to sum up our work last night at 8 am. Kun even drew a rough sketch of the ward to our colleagues, Xiong Minlong and Jiangjie, who cheered each other on at the time. Wang Yan, associate chief physician of our hospital's respiratory department, gave us lectures and advice during breakfast. Sun Liang and Zhong Lina also joined us for logistical management and preparation work. The weather is really cold but we feel warm from the bottoms of our hearts. Come on, Wuhan! Come on, all my colleagues!
WS5e2ec0e3a310128217273660	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ec0e3a310128217273660.html	2020-01-27	Hubei suspends passport application to curb coronavirus outbreak	BEIJING - The exit and entry department in Central China's Hubei province has suspended the services for the application of ordinary passports and exit-entry permits and endorsements for Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan to better control the spread of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). No passengers have left the Chinese mainland for the past four days via the Wuhan Tianhe International Airport or the Hankou port, according to a release from the National Immigration Administration (NIA). The NIA said special channels will be opened for individuals who have to leave the mainland for urgent reasons. By the end of Sunday, a total of 1,423 cumulative confirmed cases of new pneumonia had been reported in Hubei, with 76 deaths and 221 cases in severe condition. Forty-four patients have been discharged from hospital. Holders of valid endorsements to Hong Kong, Macao or Taiwan who are affected by the epidemic and fail to enter the above places within the validity period can re-apply for certificates of the same type and validity period for free when the outbreak is over, said the NIA. Parts of the automated self-service channels are being suspended and changed to manual channels, according to the statement. As some countries and regions have prohibited the entry or departure of people from key areas of the coronavirus outbreak on the mainland, the exit and entry offices at all ports continue to provide convenient services to citizens coming back to China, said the NIA. The NIA required immigration departments at all levels to work with medical and health care organizations to carry out necessary screening and assist with the management of people for medical observation or isolation.
WS5e2ebc81a310128217273657	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ebc81a310128217273657.html	2020-01-27	Two children infected by novel coronavirus recovering	NANNING -- Two children aged two and 10 who were infected by the novel coronavirus are recovering and in stable condition in southern China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. The two-year-old girl surnamed Zhong flew to Nanning, the regional capital, on Jan 21 with her mother from Wuhan, the center of the novel coronavirus epidemic, and developed a fever the next day. She was confirmed to have been infected by the disease at the Hechi City People's Hospital. After isolated treatment, her fever symptoms disappeared three days ago, and her lungs have no pathological changes, said Wei Qing, a respiratory doctor, adding that she sleeps and eats normally. Those who had close contact with her have not shown infection symptoms. Another 10-year-old girl surnamed Dong and her mother were both tested positive for the novel coronavirus after they came to Quanzhou county in Guangxi from Wuhan on Jan 18. The two are receiving treatment in a hospital in the city of Guilin. The girl showed no obvious symptoms of high fever or pneumonia after two days of observation, said doctors.
WS5e2eaea3a310128217273648	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2eaea3a310128217273648.html	2020-01-27	German expert for coronavirus brings virus inhibitors to China: CMG	[Photo/IC] BEIJING -- Rolf Hilgenfeld, a German coronavirus research expert and professor at the Lubeck University, brought two inhibitors developed for SARS-CoV to China to test their effects on the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), according to China Media Group (CMG). Hilgenfeld and his team have been devoted to the research of SARS-CoV inhibitors for many years. The inhibitor uses protease acting on the virus to prevent the protein from cracking, thus preventing the formation of the mature virus. At present, the preparation developed by the team is effective in mice infected with SARS-CoV and stable in human cell culture experiments. Scientists have found that the 2019-nCov is 80 percent similar to the SARS-CoV, and the similarity between the protease of these two viruses is as high as 96 percent. Hilgenfeld hopes that the inhibitors can help the research on 2019-nCov drugs. In an interview with CMG, he said that the experiments on 2019-nCov will be carried out on mice, and toxicological experiments will be carried out to eliminate other side effects that may be caused by the drugs. Finally, mass production will be possible only through clinical trials. The coronavirus is self-limiting. After a period of time, when enough people produce antibodies, the continuous spread of the virus can be restricted, thus ending the spread of the epidemic, he said.
WS5e2eadb9a310128217273646	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2eadb9a310128217273646.html	2020-01-27	Q&A on novel coronavirus with national expert	None
WS5e2ead68a310128217273644	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ead68a310128217273644.html	2020-01-27	Lab built to test for coronavirus infections in Wuhan hospital	None
WS5e2eab94a31012821727363d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2eab94a31012821727363d.html	2020-01-27	Coronavirus vaccine research, development, is imminent: Lab official	[Photo/VCG] The Zhejiang Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention is soon expected to start research and development on a vaccine against the novel coronavirus after it managed to isolate strains for the virus on Friday. A laboratory affiliated with the center successfully isolated two high-quality strains, paving the way for vaccine R&D and development of anti-virus medicines and rapid test kits. Zhang Yanjun, director of the center's Microbiological Laboratory, said on Monday that his laboratory obtained the qualification to undertake such research on Jan 22, and isolated the first strain from the sputum samples of a confirmed patient on Friday at noon. Zhang said his laboratory is working on genome testing of the virus, and it might take some time before the new vaccine is developed as "more clinical trials are needed." It will take at least a month to develop a vaccine for the novel coronavirus, said Li Lanjuan, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the news website ifeng.com reported on Monday. Li made the comment following an announcement from the Zhejiang Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention on Monday that it has successfully acquired two virus strains from sputum samples of patients, which have provided the basis for research and development of a vaccine for the novel coronavirus.
WS5e2eaac7a310128217273635	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2eaac7a310128217273635.html	2020-01-27	Video: Beating coronavirus at its own game	Basic precautions like frequent handwashing and wearing a mask can help protect against the novel coronavirus.
WS5e2ea1dba31012821727362e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ea1dba31012821727362e.html	2020-01-27	Chinese scientists provide support to control coronavirus outbreak	BEIJING -- Chinese scientists are conducting research to help provide timely analysis of the epidemic situation and support to formulate targeted strategies for the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak. A research team has been set up by the academicians and experts from the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE). Wang Chen, vice president of CAE and head of the research team, said: "In view of the accelerated spread of the novel coronavirus pneumonia, we should understand the rule of its transmission and pathogenesis as soon as possible, which is very important for epidemic prevention and control." According to experts, the spread of the virus has not been blocked, the number of cases is rising rapidly and the infectivity seems to be increasing. Some patients of the novel coronavirus pneumonia have mild symptoms and no fever, which makes identifying cases and prevention of transmission very difficult. Wang said China's scientific and technological departments have started research on the origin and transmission mode of the virus. Scientists are also studying the biological characteristics of the virus and its variation trend to evaluate its transmission ability and pathogenicity. In addition, scientists are also conducting research on new effective drugs. The validation results of tested drugs are expected to come out soon. Other potentially effective drugs will also be put into clinical trials. Researchers are also evaluating the therapeutic effect of serum in convalescent patients and developing neutralizing antibodies to look for effective treatment methods as well as stepping up the development of vaccines.
WS5e2e89dfa3101282172735ee	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2e89dfa3101282172735ee.html	2020-01-27	Strict measures taken to curb spread of novel coronavirus in China	A makeshift examination station is set up to check the body temperatures of the patients outside a hospital in Tuxi town of Zunyi city, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2020. Many places across the country have taken strict control measures to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. [Photo/Xinhua] A Staff disinfects a bus at a bus station in Youyang Tujia-Miao autonomous county, Southwest China's Chongqing municipality, Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff checks a passenger's body temperature at a highway exit in Yuping Dong autonomous county, Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff disinfects a taxi at a service point in Wuxi, East China's Jiangsu province, Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A nurse checks a patient's body temperature at the People's Hospital in Deqing county, East China's Zhejiang province, Jan 25, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A staff checks a passenger's body temperature at a highway exit in Lianyungang, East China's Jiangsu province, Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Technician Yan Fengmei (R) informs Yao Xia, conductor of the train K1027, of the disinfection work at Lanzhou railway station in Lanzhou, Northwest China's Gunsu province, on Jan 26, 2020. Local railway authorities have taken measures such as disinfecting trains and stations, and registering body temperatures of travelers to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. [Photo/Xinhua] Workers disinfect a train in Lanzhou, Northwest China's Gunsu province, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Security inspector Ma Lili measures a passenger's temperature at Lanzhou railway station in Lanzhou, Northwest China's Gunsu province, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] A security staff member checks a passenger's temperature at Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport in Southwest China's Chongqing, Jan 26, 2020. According to the airport authority, all passengers arriving or leaving the airport should accept temperature checks starting from 18:00 Jan 26. [Photo/Xinhua] A security staff member checks a child's temperature at Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport in Southwest China's Chongqing, Jan 26, 2020. According to the airport authority, all passengers arriving or leaving the airport should accept temperature checks starting from 18:00 Jan 26. [Photo/Xinhua] A mdeical worker informs villagers about the prevention of the novel coronavirus in Wuying, a village of Miao ethnic group on the border of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region and Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2019. A medical aid team on the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak came to Wuying village. All group activities scheduled for the Spring Festival are cancelled according to the local authority. [Photo/Xinhua] Villagers store lushengs, a musical instrument for group activities, in Wuying, a village of Miao ethnic group on the border of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region and Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2019. A medical aid team on the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus outbreak came to Wuying village. All group activities scheduled for the Spring Festival are cancelled according to the local authority. [Photo/Xinhua] A medical worker demonstrates how to correctly use masks for prevention in Wuying, a village of Miao ethnic group on the border of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region and Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] A medical worker demonstrates how to correctly use masks for prevention in Wuying, a village of Miao ethnic group on the border of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region and Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] Villagers store lushengs, a musical instrument for group activities, in Wuying, a village of Miao ethnic group on the border of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region and Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] A medical worker demonstrates how to correctly use masks for prevention in Wuying, a village of Miao ethnic group on the border of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region and Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] A medical worker demonstrates how to correctly use masks for prevention in Wuying, a village of Miao ethnic group on the border of South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region and Southwest China's Guizhou province, Jan 26, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua]  
WS5e2e8518a3101282172735e7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2e8518a3101282172735e7.html	2020-01-27	Medical team leaves Beijing for Wuhan to aid coronavirus control	Nurse Hu Jing (L) embraces a colleague before leaving for Wuhan of Hubei province in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. A 121-member medical team, organized by the National Health Commission, left Beijing for Wuhan Sunday afternoon to aid the coronavirus control efforts there. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team head to Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team pose for a group photo before leaving for Wuhan of Hubei province at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team prepare to leave for Wuhan of Hubei province at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team prepare to leave for Wuhan of Hubei province at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Workers check medical supplies to be shipped with a medical team at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team prepare to leave for Wuhan of Hubei province at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team pose for a group photo before leaving for Wuhan of Hubei province at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team prepare to leave for Wuhan of Hubei province at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Members of a medical team pose for a group photo before leaving for Wuhan of Hubei province at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, capital of China, on Jan 26, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua]
WS5e2e6a12a3101282172735c7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2e6a12a3101282172735c7.html	2020-01-27	Novel coronavirus vaccine being developed	None
WS5e2e49eaa31012821727359d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2e49eaa31012821727359d.html	2020-01-27	Gates foundation to assist coronavirus fight in China	Bill Gates speaks during an interview with Chinese media in Beijing, on Nov 21, 2019. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Sunday announced that it is immediately committing $5 million in emergency funds and corresponding technical support to help front-line responders in China accelerate their efforts to contain the spread of 2019-nCoV. The foundation is already working with a range of Chinese public and private sector partners to accelerate national and international cooperation in areas of critical need, including efforts to identify and confirm cases, safely isolate and care for patients, and accelerate the development of treatments and vaccines. Partners include the National Health Commission and Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the National Natural Science Foundation of China and various research institutes affiliated with the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xiamen University and Sinopharm China National Biotec Group. "We are deeply concerned about the development of the current epidemic and express our high respect to those who are fighting on the front lines," said Yinuo Li, director of the Gates Foundation China. "It has always been our focus to improve the level of infectious disease prevention and control, as well as to strengthen global health and safety. We look forward to working with our partners to meet the challenges." The foundation is also immediately committing $5 million to assist the Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in scaling up public health measures against 2019-nCoV among African Union member states. These measures will include technical support to implement the screening and treatment of suspected cases, laboratory confirmation of 2019-nCoV diagnoses and the safe isolation and care of identified cases. Based in Seattle, Washington State, the foundation is led by CEO Sue Desmond-Hellmann and co-chair William H. Gates Sr, under the direction of Bill and Melinda Gates and Warren Buffett.
WS5e2e40baa310128217273594	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2e40baa310128217273594.html	2020-01-27	Shanghai confirms 13 new coronavirus cases, total now 53	Shanghai residents queue for purchasing face masks on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Gao Erqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] The Shanghai Health Commission confirmed 13 cases of the novel coronavirus infection, with one in critical condition on Sunday. The total number of viral infections rose to 53 as of Sunday midnight. Forty-nine were in stable condition, two were seriously ill, one was healed and one died. In terms of gender, 29 were male and 24 were female. Age-wise, the youngest was 7 while the oldest was 88. Among the patients, 20 have lived in Hubei, 21 have traveled to Hubei, and the remaining 12 have a history of contact with those infected. Currently, 90 suspected cases are under monitoring. The commission also issued the distribution of the 30 infected Shanghai residents according to their districts. Seven were from Pudong, five from Changning, five from Jing’an, three from Xuhui, two each from Hongkou, Minhang and Qingpu district, and one each from Huangpu, Baoshan, Jiading and Fengxian.
WS5e2e2c6aa31012821727357d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2e2c6aa31012821727357d.html	2020-01-27	Confirmed coronavirus cases rise to 2,744 on Chinese mainland	Aerial photo taken on Jan 26, 2020 shows a riverside boulevard in Wuhan, central China's Hubei province. [Photo/Xinhua] The number of confirmed novel coronavirus infections rose to 2,744 on the Chinese mainland as of Sunday midnight, including 80 deaths, the National Health Commission said on Monday Morning. A total of 769 new confirmed infections were reported on Sunday, including 24 new fatalities, all in Hubei province, the commission said, adding that another 3,806 suspected cases had also been reported. The number of confirmed infections rose to eight in Hong Kong, five in Macao and four in Taiwan, the commission said. Thailand reported seven infections, Japan three, South Korea three, the United States three, Vietnam two, Singapore four, Malaysia three, Nepal one, France three, and Australia four, the commission added. Hubei province reported 24 new fatalities on Sunday, bringing the total number of deaths from the pneumonia disease to 76 as of Sunday midnight, the provincial health commission said on Monday morning. The number of confirmed infections increased by 371 on Sunday, resulting in a total number of 1,423 infections reported in the province which includes 221 in critical condition, it said. Of all the confirmed infections, 698 were reported in Wuhan, capital of the province, the commission said. Health authorities in the province have traced 10,394 people with close contact with patients, with 1,291 of them having been released from medical observation, the commission said.
WS5e2dfe34a310128217273567	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2dfe34a310128217273567.html	2020-01-27	Five cases of novel coronavirus in the US	Passengers go through customs at Wuhan Tianhe International Airport, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Nov 18, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] US officials have confirmed a new case of the coronavirus in Arizona. This brings the total to five cases so far. Two people in California have tested positive for the novel coronavirus, marking four confirmed cases in the United States from the virus that has killed more than 50 people in China  The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health confirmed the first case of the virus in the county on Sunday. Neighboring Orange County Health Care Agency's Communicable Disease Control Division said on Saturday that an individual was diagnosed with the virus there. The Los Angeles County and Orange County individuals, who were not identified, had both recently returned to the United States after traveling in Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the illness, authorities said. Both were in isolation at undisclosed hospitals, officials said. "The current risk of local transmission remains low," the agency said in a statement. "There is no evidence that person-to-person transmission has occurred in Orange County," officials said. The Los Angeles health department said "there is no immediate threat to the general public''. The other cases of the virus in the US involve a woman in her 60s in Chicago and a man in his 30s in Washington State. The Illinois woman had not been sick while traveling from Wuhan to the US on Jan13, said Dr Jennifer Layden, an epidemiologist with the Illinois Department of Health. On Sunday, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York urged the Trump administration to declare a formal public health emergency. He asked Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar to declare a public health emergency in order to free up money for the CDC to battle the virus before it becomes an American pandemic. The money is already appropriated and in the Infectious Disease Rapid Response Reserve Fund, he said, and the CDC will have full discretion to use the money for epidemiological endeavors, screening, public awareness, staffing and educating local and state officials.  "The more we can do to be proactive, the better off the public will be," Schumer said during a news conference. The World Health Organization last week declined to categorize the novel coronavirus as a global health emergency, and lauded China for its efforts to contain the virus. Besides Canada and the United States, health officials in France, Australia, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam and South Korea have confirmed cases of novel coronavirus. Chinese authorities have locked down Wuhan and at least two cities in an to contain the virus during the busy Lunar New Year travel period. The US closed its consulate in Wuhan and was pulling out its diploma Novel coronaviruses are transmitted by animals and people, and the Wuhan strain has been linked to a market in the city that was selling seafood and live animals, including wild species. The Chinese government announced Sunday that it's banning all sales of wild animals.
WS5e2ddb60a31012821727355e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/27/WS5e2ddb60a31012821727355e.html	2020-01-27	Risk of novel coronavirus low in UK as over 50 tests return negative	The United Kingdom Department of Health and Social Care says risk associated with novel coronavirus remains low in the country, where 52 people with symptoms have returned negative tests as of Sunday afternoon. "There are currently no confirmed cases in the UK or of UK citizens abroad, and the risk to the public is low," the department said in a statement. "The government is monitoring the situation closely and will continue to work with the World Health Organization and international community." If and when a first case in the UK is confirmed, it will be announced as soon as possible by the chief medical officer, the statement read. The first confirmed cases of novel coronavirus in Europe occurred on Friday in France, where three people tested positive. The virus has killed 56 people and infected more than 2,000, according to Chinese health authorities. China has taken a number of measures to reduce the spread of the illness, including regulating long distance transport and movement in and out of certain affected cities.  
WS5e2d7967a31012821727352f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d7967a31012821727352f.html	2020-01-26	China keeps up global cooperation in coronavirus fight	During the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, the Chinese mainland has fully communicated and cooperated with global organizations and foreign countries based on the principles of openness and transparency, health minister Ma Xiaowei said on Sunday. [Photo/Xinhua] During the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, the Chinese mainland has fully communicated and cooperated with global organizations and foreign countries based on the principles of openness and transparency, health minister Ma Xiaowei said on Sunday. The new virus has spread to 10 foreign countries as of Saturday at midnight, infecting over two dozen people overseas, according to the National Health Commission. Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have also seen a handful of infected cases. Since the novel coronavrius was first discovered in the central city of Wuhan in Hubei province, the commission has shared the genome sequence of the virus with scientists across the globe and has been actively sharing information with the World Health Organization, Ma said. Experts from the WHO were invited to travel to Wuhan to gain a better understanding of the outbreak and facilitate the global flight against the disease, he added. Chinese scientists have also participated in meetings held by the Emergency Committee of the WHO to distribute and discuss the latest information on the outbreak. The WHO decided on Thursday the outbreak linked to the novel coronavirus does not constitute a global health emergency. China has also strengthened bilateral collaboration with foreign countries affected by the virus outbreak, Ma said. China has been working with health authorities in Japan, Thailand, South Korea, the United States and other countries to verify confirmed or suspected infections. In addition to regular sharing of information, the Chinese mainland has also provided free diagnostic kits to Hong Kong and Macao. "In the future, China will continue global cooperation and report new information on the outbreak in a timely fashion," he said.
WS5e2d7640a310128217273529	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d7640a310128217273529.html	2020-01-26	HK confirms 1 new coronavirus infection, total now 6	Medical staff transfer a patient of a suspected case of a new coronavirus at the Prince of Wales Hospital in Hong Kong, China, Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] HONG KONG - Hong Kong on Sunday confirmed another case of a novel coronavirus infection (2019-nCoV), taking the total number of patients in the city to six. According to the Department of Health, the 47-year-old man, a Hong Kong resident, had been working in Wuhan in Central China's Hubei province since early January. He caught a fever on Jan 20 but recovered the next day after seeking treatment at a Wuhan hospital. The patient took the G1035 high-speed railway train to Shenzhen on Jan 23 and thereafter took the G407 bullet train to Hong Kong's West Kowloon Station. The man had been wearing a mask throughout the journey. In Hong Kong, he found himself running a fever again on Friday. He sought treatment on Saturday and was confirmed to have the infection on Sunday. The patient's wife and daughter have been sent to hospital for medical tests. The department said new cases of suspected novel coronavirus infection have reached 77 in Hong Kong, while 107 people had been quarantined in the 24 hours leading to Sunday noon. Also on Sunday, Hong Kong's Secretary for Food and Health Sophia Chan Siu-chee said that locking down the city was "not feasible". On Saturday, Hong Kong raised its response level to the novel coronavirus outbreak to "emergency" and in a press conference where the decision was announced, any suggestion to lock down the city was firmly rejected. Chan said authorities were reviewing border control measures to bolster containment efforts, including assessing the necessity of shortening the time taken for customs clearance. In response to a newly confirmed case in Macao, wherein the 58-year-old infected woman had travelled to the neighbouring Special Administrative Region from the Hong Kong-Macao Ferry Terminal on Thursday, Chan said authorities were trying to trace the people who had come in close contact with the woman during her journey. Earlier on Sunday, Macao confirmed three new cases of novel coronavirus infection, including the case of the 58-year-old woman.
WS5e2d64f2a310128217273526	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d64f2a310128217273526.html	2020-01-26	Chinese National Winter Games postponed due to coronavirus outbreak	Chinese ski jumper Zhou Fangyu takes flight during the women's individual event at the Winter Youth Olympics in Les Rousses, France, on Sunday. The 16-year-old finished 10th. [Photo/Xinhua] HOHHOT -- The 14th Chinese National Winter Games has been postponed due to the pneumonia caused by a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), said the organizing committee on Sunday. The Games was originally scheduled to open on February 16, and conclude on February 26. The women's ice hockey and the biathlon competitions, slated to begin on Saturday in Hailar and Yakeshi in North China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region, was also postponed. It will be the first time since the winter sports gala was introduced in 1959 that the games would be held in Inner Mongolia. Besides Hailar and Yakeshi, the 14th National Winter Games will also be competed in Zhalantun of Hulun Buir, Chifeng and Ulanqab.
WS5e2d4cb9a310128217273503	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d4cb9a310128217273503.html	2020-01-26	1,600 more medical workers to aid Hubei's novel coronavirus control	Picture uploaded to social media on Jan 25, 2020 by the Central Hospital of Wuhan show medical staff, in Wuhan, China. [Photo/Sina Weibo] BEIJING -- China will send additional 12 teams of more than 1,600 medical staff to areas hit hard by the novel coronavirus outbreak in Hubei province, a senior health official said Sunday. Ma Xiaowei, director of the National Health Commission, said at a press conference that the medical staff will be sent out shortly, adding that authorities are also coordinating supplies urgently needed to control the outbreak.
WS5e2d4a5fa310128217273500	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d4a5fa310128217273500.html	2020-01-26	Chinese New Year's Eve in Wuhan, center of coronavirus fight	There were far fewer cars on the streets and bustling crowds were not seen in the shopping malls in Central China's Wuhan on Jan 24 -- the Eve of the Chinese New Year. The scene was quite different from the occasion in the previous years because of the novel coronavirus that has claimed over 40 lives and infected over a thousand nationwide. With a population of over 10 million, Wuhan, the capital city of Hubei Province, is the center of the epidemic. Yang Yingchen, a volunteer of the Red Cross Society of China's Wuhan branch, had a busy day answering calls. "People from across the nation called to check on accounts and addresses to make donations," said Yang. "Many would say 'Come on, Wuhan' to us, which makes me feel especially warm and deeply moved." Chen Li, a doctor in a Wuhan hospital, spent the Chinese Lunar New Year's Eve at home to quarantine herself. She is a little bit worried about having had contact with infected patients, but luckily she has no signs of symptoms for the time being. "Before joining the fight against the epidemic, I had sent my four-year-old son to my parents. I has disinfected all the articles in my house," she said. Chen's husband is at the forefront of the fight against the epidemic. "We haven't seen each other for over a week," said Chen. On Saturday morning, she put on protective clothing again and returned to work. "Actually, I can't be isolated for too long. There's still a lot of work to be done," she said. "I just don't know when I can see my boy again." The virus had resulted in 41 deaths in China by the end of Friday, mostly in Wuhan, according to the National Health Commission. Nationwide, a total of 1,287 cases were confirmed, including 237 in critical condition. Confirmed cases were also reported in China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, as well as Thailand, Japan, the Republic of Korea, the United States, Vietnam, Singapore, Nepal and France. Wuhan is following Beijing's SARS treatment model in 2003 to build a makeshift hospital with a capability of 1,000 beds for admitting infected patients. Construction on the facility began Thursday night. It will be completed and put into use prior to Feb 3, less than 10 days away. "It's going to be another all-nighter. We need to speed up work and complete the hospital as soon as possible," said Lyu Jun, a young truck driver at the construction site. This is his first Spring Festival away from home. For ordinary people, this year's Lunar New Year's Eve lacks some gatherings but is still a time to extend greetings and wishes. Yin Yeqiong, from Hunan Province, refunded her tickets back home after much debate. "I had it in my mind to still go home, but finally decided to stay in Wuhan," she said. "Our stay will help reduce panic in other places." Liu Jie, a dough sculptor, put on a New Year costume and watched the Spring Festival Gala with her family. "We're now at a critical period, so I texted New Year wishes to friends and relatives this year. I believe this is the best way," she said. Liu Jiapeng, a children's book editor, stayed in Wuhan during the Spring Festival for the past four decades. "I always stayed with my family, and we would have every meal together," said Liu. "But this year, I haven't had one meal with them." On the day of the Lunar New Year's Eve, he and his wife bought some goods for their parents, brought them to their house and briefly chatted. As they were waiting for the elevator, Liu looked back and saw his father standing at the windowsill, watching them leave. China is mobilizing medical resources nationwide to aid Wuhan and control the epidemic. Doctors, nurses and experts from across the nation have been selected to join the battle, and manufacturers have restarted their plants to produce medical consumables that have been running short in many places. A national research team of 14 experts, headed by renowned respiratory scientist Zhong Nanshan, has been set up to help prevent and control the outbreak on Friday. "This is going to be an unforgettable Spring Festival," said Chen Ying, a writer. "Because I feel that at this moment, there are so many families that I do not know, in every corner of this city, praying for our home." "My New Year wish is simple," said Liu Jie. "I hope the virus will soon be conquered and everyone in Wuhan and the whole nation would be safe and healthy."
WS5e2d46cba3101282172734f5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d46cba3101282172734f5.html	2020-01-26	Macao confirms 3 new coronavirus cases	An exterior view shows the Conde Sao Januario Hospital in Macao on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] HONG KONG - Macao confirmed on Sunday three new cases of the novel coronavirus, bringing the total number of patients in the city to five. All three are women and residents of Wuhan in Central China's Hubei province. A 58-year-old woman took a ferry from Hong Kong Macao Ferry Terminal and arrived in Macao on Thursday morning. Upon arrival, the woman felt unwell and visited Kia Wu Hospital, where she was found to be running a low fever. She was immediately sent to Centro Hospitalar Conde de Sao Januario. After two thorough medical checks, it was confirmed on Sunday that the woman had the infection. Two other patients, a 39-year-old housewife and a 21-year-old teacher, have also been admitted to Centro Hospitalar Conde de Sao Januario for treatment and quarantine. The first two confirmed patients in Macao are both in stable condition and are being treated in isolation at the same hospital, the Macao government said.
WS5e2d3124a3101282172734dd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d3124a3101282172734dd.html	2020-01-26	Progress continues in coronavirus trace	A patient receives treatment at the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan city, Central China's Hubei province on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/chinanews.com] Progress has been made in tracing the origin of the novel coronavirus, which is responsible for an increasing number of pneumonia patients — although difficulties remain in identifying the exact source, the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention said on Sunday. "We are close to finding the source of the virus," said Tan Wenjie, a researcher at the center's viral disease control and prevention institute. "We have found out which stalls on the seafood market in Wuhan had the virus. It is an important discovery, and we will investigate which animal was the source." Experts from the China CDC have collected 585 samples from the seafood market in Wuhan, where wild animals were traded and where the outbreak was first reported. Of those samples, 33 tested positive for the virus, according to the center. The 33 samples came from 22 stalls and a garbage vehicle in the market, most were found in the western area of the market where wild animals were regularly traded, the center said. Although it is basically confirmed that wild animals were the origin of the virus, much work will be done to determine which animal it was, and it may be very difficult due to several factors such as cross-contamination, Tan said. Tan said research has shown the new virus is 90 percent similar to a virus found on the body of a bat species in Zhoushan, Zhejiang province, but a definitive conclusion cannot be yet drawn that the bat is the source of the virus.
WS5e2d2b8da3101282172734d6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d2b8da3101282172734d6.html	2020-01-26	Multiple countries take measures to contain novel coronavirus	[Cai Meng/China Daily] BEIJING - Multiple countries have rolled out measures to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus that caused an outbreak in Wuhan, a city in Central China. Screening measures have been put in place at border entries such as airports and harbors in a number of countries, including Laos, Bangladesh, Singapore, Malaysia, Australia, Turkey, Bahrain, Uganda, and Zambia, to check for signs of infection from the virus, which has been named 2019-nCoV. Thai Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha has ordered all relevant organizations in his country to step up measures to cope with the novel coronavirus and respond to changing situations. "People have been warned not to visit areas of the outbreak and nationwide hospitals were ordered to be ready to treat patients around the clock," Prayut said Friday. Mongolia's National State Emergency Commission has decided to temporarily close all public and private schools and kindergartens across the country from next Monday to March 2, to prevent the spread of 2019-nCoV as well as other respiratory diseases. Vietnam's ministry of health has issued an urgent dispatch, requiring hospitals and clinics across the country to set up rapid response teams. Patients will be organized by classification at registration desks, and patients with symptoms of acute respiratory infection must be isolated and examined in separate sections of the hospital, while those who were in China within the last 14 days must be checked in terms of epidemiological factors, according to the dispatch. In Chicago, where the second confirmed case in the United States was reported, local officials said they have been closely following potential cases and sharing information with federal health agencies. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the immediate health risk from 2019-nCoV to the US public is "considered low at this time." In Britain, the government held an emergency response meeting over the coronavirus on Friday. Chris Whitty, chief medical officer for England, was cited by local news as saying that everyone who has been tested for the coronavirus has been given the all-clear, while the risk to the British public "remains low." In Egypt, an integrated plan has been drawn up to handle any emergency situation, said Alaeddin Eid, the country's assistant health minister for preventive medicine, adding that the plan covers all stages including early detection, quarantine and treatment measures, and raising public awareness. By the end of Friday, 1,287 confirmed cases had been reported in China, with 41 having died of pneumonia caused by 2019-nCoV, and 38 recovered and discharged from hospital. In addition, 10 confirmed cases had been reported in China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions. Outside China, confirmed cases have been reported in Thailand, Japan, South Korea, the United States, Vietnam, Singapore, Nepal, France and Australia. The World Health Organization (WHO) said Thursday that it was "too early" to declare the novel coronavirus outbreak in China a public health emergency of international concern, but it warned that the number of cases may rise as much about the virus remains unknown. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus thanked the Chinese government for its cooperation and transparency, saying it has been successful in isolating and sequencing the virus quickly, and that it has shared the virus's genetic sequence with the WHO and the international community. On Wednesday, in separate phone conversations with French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Chinese President Xi Jinping said China is willing to work with the international community to effectively tackle the spread of the disease and maintain global health security.
WS5e2d2ae2a3101282172734d1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d2ae2a3101282172734d1.html	2020-01-26	China's Wuhan to ban motor vehicles to prevent coronavirus outbreak	No motor vehicles are seen on the road in Yunmeng county, Xiaogan city of Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 25, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] WUHAN - Ordinary motor vehicles will be banned from roads from Sunday in the downtown areas in Wuhan, the hardest-hit city of the novel coronavirus outbreak in Central China, the local government said. Only authorized vehicles such as official vehicles and licensed cars to carry supplies and offer free transportation are exempt. The city has also recruited 6,000 taxis to provide free rides to local residents. The taxis are subject to unified dispatch under community committees to offer services such as food and medicine delivery as well as emergency medical treatment for non-febrile diseases. Patients with fever should be transported by professional vehicles from the epidemic prevention department with proper isolation measures for drivers.
WS5e2d1d41a31012821727349e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2d1d41a31012821727349e.html	2020-01-26	China provides fast customs clearance for overseas donations on coronavirus fight	Cargo from an aircraft of SF Airlines is unloaded at Xi'an Xianyang International Airport. [Photo by Yuan Jingzhi/For China Daily] BEIJING -- China said materials donated from overseas to fight pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) will get fast-track clearance at customs. All-out efforts will be made to ensure fast clearance for imported medicines, disinfectant products, protective equipment and medical devices to combat the novel coronavirus outbreak, the General Administration of Customs (GAC) said in a statement issued on Sunday. The GAC has ordered "green passages" and special service windows to be opened at customs on site to accelerate clearing process for medical material donations from overseas. In case of emergency, customs shall allow the donated supplies to be cleared after simple filing works, and the rest of the procedures can be completed later, according to the statement. In an earlier statement, China's customs and health authorities have asked outbound and inbound travelers to report their health conditions to customs to curb the cross-border spread of the coronavirus. Chinese health authorities announced Sunday that 1,975 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus, including 324 in critical conditions, had been reported in the country by the end of Saturday.
WS5e2cfb31a310128217273443	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cfb31a310128217273443.html	2020-01-26	7 more coronavirus cases confirmed in Shanghai	Shanghai residents queue for purchasing face masks on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Gao Erqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Shanghai announced on Sunday morning that seven novel coronavirus cases were confirmed on Saturday, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the city to 40. One patient, an 88-year-old man, died. Another 37 people are in stable condition and one patient is in critical condition. A total of 95 people suspected of having the virus are under medical observation in the city. A 56-year-old woman infected by the new coronavirus has been cured and became the first in Shanghai to be released from a hospital in the city since the virus outbreak began, the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission said on Friday evening.
WS5e2cf695a31012821727343c	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cf695a31012821727343c.html	2020-01-26	Top-level response to coronavirus activated in 30 Chinese provincial-level regions	BEIJING -- Thirty provincial-level regions reporting cases of novel coronavirus in China have activated first-level emergency response to contain the spread of the viral pneumonia. On Saturday, Inner Mongolia, Ningxia, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Henan, Gansu, Qinghai, Xinjiang and Hainan joined other regions to launch their top-level public health emergency response to the epidemic. By the end of Saturday, 1,975 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), including 324 in critical condition, had been reported in the provincial-level regions except Tibet Autonomous Region. The pneumonia situation had resulted in 56 deaths, according to the National Health Commission.
WS5e2cf3f0a310128217273438	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cf3f0a310128217273438.html	2020-01-26	China tightens measures to curb cross-border spread of new coronavirus	People wear masks at Dalian International Airport in Dalian, Northeast China's Liaoning province on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] BEIJING - Outbound and inbound travelers should voluntarily report to customs officers if they feel sick with the symptoms of fever, cough and difficult breathing, according to China's customs and health authorities. Such voluntary disclosure was required as the new coronavirus pneumonia which first broke out in Wuhan of central China's Hubei province has been put under quarantinable infectious disease management with the approval of the State Council. The move was to curb the cross-border spread of the new coronavirus and to safeguard public health, according to a joint statement released by the General Administration of Customs and National Health Commission. Those who have made voluntary reports should collaborate with customs officers in following health quarantine which involves temperature screening, medical checks and medical investigation, said the statement. Passengers, once feeling sick in transit, should also timely report their situations to passenger crew. The persons in charge of the relevant vehicles should provide personal protection gear to passengers and report timely to the customs authorities at the entry and exit ports. People going abroad or coming to China should maintain good personal hygiene, for instance washing their hands frequently, wearing masks and avoiding close contact with people suffering from acute respiratory infection. Sickened passengers must immediately seek medical care and describe to doctors their recent trips. China's customs authority will adjust port control measures based on the progress of the outbreak, said the statement.
WS5e2cee3da31012821727342c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cee3da31012821727342c.html	2020-01-26	Beijing adds 10 novel coronavirus pneumonia cases to tally	People wear masks at Beijing South Railway Station in Beijing on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] Beijing added 10 cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia from 5 pm to 11 pm on Saturday. All the new infections are being treated in the hospital, raising the total number of patients being treated to 49, with one in critical condition. As of 11 pm on Saturday, Beijing had confirmed 51 cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia, according to the Beijing Municipal Health Commission. It confirmed three medical workers contracted novel coronavirus pneumonia, according to a statement on Sunday saying that the three medical workers have been put on medical quarantine in designated hospitals. A medical worker surnamed Wang went to Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, for a business trip on Jan 8 and returned Beijing on Jan 16. He was sent to a medical institution in the capital on Monday and was confirmed with the illness the next day. A doctor surnamed Lu had a fever on Jan 14, three days after he went back to Beijing from a business trip in Wuhan, where he stayed for one day from Jan 10 to Jan 11. Another medical worker surnamed Yan was confirmed as having novel coronavirus pneumonia on Saturday. He sat beside the doctor surnamed Lu at a conference on Jan 14. From Jan 3 to Jan 10, he traveled to Dalian, Northeast China's Liaoning province, and Baishan and Changchun in Northeast China's Jilin province. All three doctors showed symptoms of fever before being confirmed with the virus. People who had close contact with the three are now under medical observation.
WS5e2ceb55a310128217273424	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2ceb55a310128217273424.html	2020-01-26	Canada confirms first 'presumptive' case of coronavirus	TORONTO -- Canada confirmed its first "presumptive" case of the deadly coronavirus in Toronto Saturday evening. A man in his 50s, who had traveled to the Chinese city of Wuhan, was found at Toronto's Sunnybrook Hospital. Within a day of his return, the man became quite ill, Barbara Yaffe, director of Communicable Disease Control & Associate Medical Officer of Health for Toronto Public Health, told a press conference in Toronto. The man is in stable condition, Yaffe said.
WS5e2cdff0a310128217273412	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cdff0a310128217273412.html	2020-01-26	Huangshan Mountain closed to tourists amid coronavirus outbreak	Huangshan Mountain, a UNESCO world heritage site in eastern China's Anhui province, temporarily closed to tourists since 3:00 pm Saturday. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] HEFEI - Huangshan Mountain, a UNESCO world heritage site in eastern China's Anhui province, temporarily closed to tourists since 3:00 pm Saturday as a measure to control and prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, local authorities said in an announcement. All tourist attractions above A level in Huangshan city were ordered to close to the public. Those who have bought tickets and booked hotels can be refunded unconditionally, according to the announcement. The public will be informed when there is a resumption date. Famous for its granite peaks, rocks, pine trees, sunrises and sunsets among a sea of clouds, the mountain attracted more than 3.3 million visitors in 2018. Another popular tourist site Jiuhua Mountain in the province also closed to tourists from 6:00 pm Friday.
WS5e2cdfa2a310128217273409	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cdfa2a310128217273409.html	2020-01-26	China cranks up protective equipment supplies to fight new coronavirus	Staff members make masks in Handan, North China's Hebei province on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] BEIJING - China has been strengthening the provision of medical supplies to combat the viral pneumonia outbreak. Shortage of medical supplies including goggles and masks was reported in Wuhan, the hardest-hit city of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak in central China. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has transferred 14,000 protective suits and 110,000 pairs of gloves from the central medical reserves to Wuhan. It also coordinated emergency supplies of 3 million masks, 100,000 protective suits and 2,180 pairs of goggles. The production of masks has exceeded 8 million per day, said Miao Wei, minister of industry and information technology, adding that the ministry has coordinated medical supply manufacturers to increase market supply. The Ministry of Transport has announced measures to prioritize transportation of emergency supplies and medical staff to aid control of the outbreak in Wuhan. The Red Cross Society of China's Wuhan branch opened 24-hour hotlines to receive donated emergency stocks. Personal protective equipment manufacturers are going full steam ahead in production. Xinxiang Huaxi Sanitary Materials Co Ltd in central China's Henan province is producing 100,000 masks and 1,200 to 1,500 protective suits per day, according to the company's general manager Cui Wenbo. The products will be delivered to Wuhan and other cities. National Health Commission announced Saturday that 1,287 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus, including 237 in critical conditions, had been reported in the country by the end of Friday. Pneumonia caused by the virus has resulted in 41 deaths.
WS5e2cdf83a310128217273406	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cdf83a310128217273406.html	2020-01-26	Beijing to suspend inter-provincial passenger bus service to curb spread of new coronavirus	All inter-provincial highway passenger bus services in Beijing will be suspended from Sunday. [Photo/sipaphoto.com] BEIJING - To contain the spread of the novel coronavirus, all inter-provincial highway passenger bus services in Beijing will be suspended from Sunday, local authorities said Saturday. The time when the transport service will be resumed is uncertain. In addition, the capital has launched temperature detection at 55 subway stations, including the stops in railway stations and in Beijing Capital International Airport. Passengers with abnormal body temperature will be sent to hospital. Beijing's subway stations and buses have also stepped up cleaning and disinfection work. Each carriage of the train is ordered to be disinfected every day. The entrances and exits, escalators, self-service machines, toilets and other public areas of the subway stations are disinfected three times each day. A total of 1,287 confirmed cases of the new coronavirus pneumonia had been reported in the country by the end of Friday, according to the National Health Commission. The pneumonia situation had resulted in 41 deaths, including 39 in Hubei province, one in North China's Hebei province and one in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province. A total of 1,965 suspected cases had also been reported.
WS5e2cdb56a3101282172733f9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cdb56a3101282172733f9.html	2020-01-26	Multinational companies step in to help combat coronavirus	Tencent's logo rippling on the water surrounding a fountain. [Photo/IC] While coronavirus continues to spread globally, many multinational companies pledged donations to assist those affected by the highly contagious virus and fight against the outbreak. China's e-commerce giant Alibaba announced it is setting up a special 1 billion yuan fund to support medical supplies in Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak. The fund will be used to purchase medical supplies and medicine from home and abroad, and will be delivered to hospitals in Central China's Hubei province. Meanwhile, the company will continue to coordinate with plants in 58 regions in the country to resume production of medical supplies. The first batch of 3.3 million masks will be sent to Wuhan through "green passages". "As people in China and around the world celebrate the Lunar New Year, we send our love and support to the many impacted by the coronavirus. Apple will be donating to groups on the ground helping support all of those affected," Apple's CEO Tim Cook wrote on Twitter Saturday. Through his social media account on Twitter and China's Weibo, Cook announced that his company will be donating to "groups on the ground supporting those impacted by the coronavirus." This effort was initiated by a group of employees based in Cupertino, California, on Friday night, according to a resource close to this operation. The first advocacy email was sent to Apple HR and senior management in the name of Wuhan Coronavirus Support Team around Friday night, requesting company-wide measures be taken to assist Wuhan. "Within a short period of time, we heard from Apple management, with a very detailed arrangement, that our concerns will be taken care of," said one of the organizers, speaking on condition of anonymity. "That includes all resources and channels we might leverage now." Shortly after Cook posted his message on Weibo, Isabel Ge Mahe, the company's managing director of Greater China, reposted and wrote, "as a member of this community, it's our duty to be with you." The comments from Apple's executives were received enthusiastically on Weibo, with many users thanking the technology giant for its support. Cook's message has been reposted nearly 4,500 times as of Saturday afternoon. Eric Yuan, founder of the San Jose, California-based Zoom Video Communications, which provides remote conferencing services using cloud computing, announced that he will offer free video conference services to users in China. Several Chinese technology giants also announced they will be providing financial support and medical equipment to help combat the spread of the deadly virus. Tencent said it would donate 300 million yuan from its charity. The money will be used for the purchase of masks, sanitizers and other medical supplies, as well as to support medical personnel. China's e-commerce giant Alibaba said it's setting up a 1 billion yuan medical supplies fund, which will be used to buy equipment and medicine for Wuhan. It also will be used to ensure that medical personnel in Wuhan have access to a "hot meal". JD. com said it had donated 1 million surgical masks and 60,000 other medical supplies. Computer manufacturing company Lenovo said it would donate all IT equipment necessary for the specialist treatment center being built in the city. Many e-commerce platforms, such as Alibaba's Taobao, Suning, and JD.com, have all pledged to keep prices from rising on medical items such as face masks and disinfectant. The latest death toll for the coronavirus climbed to 42. There are now more than 1,400 confirmed cases of the illness around the globe. The US State Department has ordered all American employees at the United States Consulate in Wuhan to leave the city, as a lockdown imposed on central China expanded. Officials said Friday that a Chicago woman in her 60s has been diagnosed with the virus, and they're monitoring 63 other possible cases across 22 US states. June Chang in San Francisco contributed to this story.
WS5e2cd7e0a3101282172733f4	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cd7e0a3101282172733f4.html	2020-01-26	15 more novel coronavirus fatalities reported in Chinese mainland	Pictures uploaded to social media on Jan 25, 2020 by the Central Hospital of Wuhan show medical staff attending to patients, in Wuhan, China. [Photo/Sina Weibo] Another 15 fatalities caused by a novel coronavirus were reported in the Chinese mainland on Saturday, bringing the total number of deaths to 56 as of Saturday midnight, China's National Health Commission said on Sunday morning. The number of confirmed cases increased by 688 on Saturday, resulting in a total number of 1,975 cases reported in the Chinese mainland as of Saturday midnight, the commission said. Another 2,684 suspected cases also had been reported. Central China's Hubei province reported 13 new fatalities caused by a novel coronavirus on Saturday, bringing the total number of deaths from the pneumonia-related disease to 52 as of Saturday night, the provincial health commission said on Sunday morning. The number of confirmed cases increased by 323 on Saturday, resulting in a total number of 1,052 cases reported in the province.
WS5e2ccaf0a3101282172733dd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2ccaf0a3101282172733dd.html	2020-01-26	Toronto Chinese Canadians donate against coronavirus in China	TORONTO - The Confederation of Toronto Chinese Canadian Organizations (CTCCO) launched a drive Saturday afternoon to raise donations for the Chinese city of Wuhan to prevent cross-infection and curb the spreading of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia. CTCCO Chairman Wen Guoning told Xinhua that CTCCO will set up donation boxes at shopping centers in Toronto area Saturday evening. Nearly C$50,000 ($38,000) was raised Saturday afternoon. The donated money will be used to purchase necessary supplies for epidemic prevention, which will be sent to China as soon as possible, he said. Hospitals in Wuhan, the central Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak, are calling on public support for protective supplies such as masks and suits, as supplies run low and the number of cases grows daily. Chinese health authorities announced Saturday that 1,287 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), including 237 in critical condition, had been reported in the country by the end of Friday. The pneumonia situation had resulted in 41 deaths.
WS5e2cc61ea3101282172733cb	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cc61ea3101282172733cb.html	2020-01-26	Hong Kong activates highest level of response to new coronavirus pneumonia	A man with a "high suspicion" of infection with the coronavirus responsible for the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak is transferred to the Princess Margaret Hospital in Hong Kong for treatment and quarantine. [Photo/China Daily] HONG KONG -- Hong Kong on Saturday raised the government response to the new coronavirus pneumonia to the highest level with a series of measures from indefinitely suspending trains and flights to and from Wuhan to schools remaining closed for a longer period. Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Carrie Lam announced the decision to raise the response level at a press conference on Saturday afternoon, in the latest effort to control the spread of the new virus. The government response was lifted to the emergency level, the highest in its three-tier system, after the serious level was activated three weeks ago. A string of new measures were announced at the press conference. High-speed trains and flights between Hong Kong and Wuhan will be suspended indefinitely, and the health declaration system on inbound travelers will be expanded to all ports of entry. Travelers entering Hong Kong will also receive strengthened body temperature monitoring. Several large-scale public events were called off, including Standard Chartered-sponsored Hong Kong Marathon, Lunar New Year Lantern Carnivals, and the Spring Reception of the HKSAR government. Lam also called on other non-government organizers to follow suit. Primary and secondary schools, kindergartens, and special schools that were expected to resume class at the beginning of February will not reopen until Feb 17, according to preliminary plans, with further assessment still needed. Anti-epidemic measures will also be improved in universities and public facilities including libraries and playfields. The HKSAR government also discussed with face mask businesses to ensure supply for residents. The chief executive will chair a steering committee overseeing measures to control the infection outbreak, and four working groups headed by senior government officials will be established. An advisory group consisting four seasoned experts will be formed to provide suggestions to the chief executive. With respiratory samples of three travelers from Wuhan tested positive, the number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus in Hong Kong rose to five. All the five patients were under isolation in hospital. As of Saturday noon, the Center for Health Protection of the Department of Health has received reports of 305 cases related to the novel coronavirus since Dec 31, 2019, among which five cases were confirmed and 163 cases were ruled out. During the press conference, Lam also stressed that the idea put forward by some people to prevent travelers of Hubei Province from entering Hong Kong is unrealistic. Gabriel Leung, a member of the advisory group and professor of the University of Hong Kong, said that experts agreed that closing ports of entry to people from specific areas or countries is not feasible, and such measure has not been adopted over the past more than 20 years in Hong Kong, a transportation hub. Chinese health authorities said on Saturday that 1,287 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus had been reported by the end of Friday. The pneumonia situation had resulted in 41 deaths. To curb the spread of the epidemic, China on Thursday morning locked down Wuhan city, the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, and is mobilizing medical staff and resources nationwide to aid the city and control the epidemic. Wuhan will build a second SARS treatment-model makeshift hospital and put it into use in half a month. Temperature screening checkpoints have been set up in 387 Chinese railway stations by Saturday morning.
WS5e2cc56ea3101282172733c5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/26/WS5e2cc56ea3101282172733c5.html	2020-01-26	China beefs up novel coronavirus prevention with temperature screening at more railway stations	An official uses an infrared thermometer on a passenger at a health screening checkpoint at Wuhan Tianhe International Airport in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Tuesday. EMILY WANG / AP BEIJING -- Temperature screening checkpoints have been set up in 387 Chinese railway stations by Saturday morning as local railway authority strengthened prevention measures to help curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. Passengers entering and exiting from these railway stations must take temperature checks, according to sources with the China State Railway Co Ltd (China Railway). By 8:00 am on Saturday, China Railway has also closed down, in collaboration with relevant local governments, the outbound channels at 72 railway stations in Central China's Hubei province. The new coronavirus pneumonia first broke out in Wuhan, the provincial capital of Hubei, and then spread across the country. By the end of Friday, a total of 41 people had died and 1,287 cases had been confirmed in 30 provincial-level regions. Sources with the China Railway said that the transport of epidemic prevention materials has been prioritized. On Friday alone, about 170 batches of epidemic control materials weighing 48.5 tonnes were transported. By 6:00 pm Friday, a total of 257 batches of epidemic control materials weighing 82.2 tonnes including masks, gloves, medicines and medical apparatus had been transported. Saturday is the first day of the Chinese lunar New Year and the 16th day of the Spring Festival travel rush. About 2.6 million railway trips were expected to be made on Saturday, down 38.4 percent from the same day of last year.
WS5e2c60baa3101282172733ad	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2c60baa3101282172733ad.html	2020-01-25	Coronavirus risk low in UK after 31 people tested	[Photo/IC] British health authorities have announced that risk associated with novel coronavirus is low in the United Kingdom, after 31 tests on symptomatic patients have returned negative results. "As of 25 January, a total of 31 UK tests have concluded, of which 31 were confirmed negative and zero positive," the agency Public Health England, which is also called PHE, said in a statement. "There are currently no confirmed cases in the UK or of UK citizens abroad, and the risk to the public is low." PHE said it is monitoring the situation closely and will continue to work with the World Health Organization and the wider international community. "If and when a first case in the UK is confirmed, it will be announced as soon as possible by the Chief Medical Officer of the affected country," the statement read. Nick Phin, deputy director of the PHE's National Infection Service, has issued advice for any people from the UK travelling to Wuhan, China, where the outbreak of the virus was first reported. "If you are traveling to Wuhan, you should maintain good hand, respiratory and personal hygiene and should avoid visiting animal and bird markets or people who are ill with respiratory symptoms," he said. "Individuals should seek medical attention if they develop respiratory symptoms within 14 days of visiting Wuhan, either in China or on their return to the UK. They should phone ahead before attending any health services and mention their recent travel to the city." As of Saturday, 41 people have been killed by the novel coronavirus, and close to 1,400 have been infected, according to Chinese officials. The virus has spread to several other Asian nations, as well as Australia, the United States, and France.
WS5e2c2d84a310128217273394	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2c2d84a310128217273394.html	2020-01-25	Xi urges all-out efforts to prevent, control novel coronavirus outbreak	Apart from strict measures taken in hospitals, other places including railway stations are using infection prevention and control workers to disinfect public facilities such as Wuhan's Hankou Railway Station (above) in Hubei province. YUAN ZHENG/FOR CHINA DAILY Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, on Saturday urged all-out efforts to prevent and control the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia, extending his sincere sympathies to the bereaved families due to the contagion as well as his heartfelt gratitude to the medical staff on the front line. Xi, also president and the chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the remark while chairing a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee on the first day of the Spring Festival, or Lunar New Year. The meeting decided the CPC Central Committee will set up a leading taskforce group, which will act under the leadership of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, according to a statement released after the meeting. The CPC Central Committee will send work groups to areas that are seriously plagued by the contagion, such as Hubei province, to help locals strengthen overall efforts in the prevention and control of the disease, the statement said. Xi stressed at the meeting that all the Party, the military and the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country stand with families plagued by the disease and are their strong support. He urged the Party committees and governments at various levels to fully implement the decisions and policies made by the CPC Central Committee, make all-out efforts and mobilize all the available resources to curb the spread of the contagion. Xi asked the Party and government officials to put a priority on people's lives and health and take the prevention and control of the contagious disease as the most urgent task at the current stage. As long as the nation has strong confidence and makes joint efforts with scientific and targeted measures, the battle of the prevention and control of the contagion will be won, Xi said. He called for strengthening the protection of medical staff, ensuring the market supply of materials in need, intensifying disclosure of related information to guide the public opinion as well as the mobilization of social forces to uphold the overall stability of society. The meeting urged concrete efforts to ensure access of adequate supplies of materials to Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, where the first case of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia was reported, and the province, to enable people to live a normal life, according to the statement. All provinces need to strengthen monitoring, prevention and control of the outbreak among flowing populations, and identify, report, isolate and treat patients in a timely manner, the statement said. The participants of the meeting also urged all-out efforts to treat infectious patients, and disclose disease-related information in an accurate, open and transparent manner to address concerns from both at home and abroad, it said. While underscoring the need to strengthen people's awareness in disease prevention and boost the confidence of the public, they also called for timely communication with the World Health Organization, organizations of relevant countries and regions, as well as Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions and Taiwan province, and stepping up cooperation to jointly uphold regional and global health security, the statement said.
WS5e2c2ba7a310128217273392	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2c2ba7a310128217273392.html	2020-01-25	Future prevention of diseases like coronavirus could be a delicate task	Editor's note: CGTN's First Voice provides instant commentary on breaking stories. The daily column clarifies emerging issues and better defines the news agenda, offering a Chinese perspective on the latest global events. With all the news about coronavirus popping up, it is easy to get lost in a "fog of disease". With the situation evolving on an hourly basis, people are busy shielding themselves from potential exposure and planning (many improvising) the next step of their vacation. The government is mobilizing available resources trying to manage and contain the disease while news about new cases breaks daily. These things are imperative. But, it is also important to take a step back from the front line and look at the outbreak from a different perspective. The new coronavirus could be striking at something beyond public health. The situation facing the public and the government has a powerful complication – tradition. As many media outlets, foreign and domestic alike, have reported, it is increasingly likely that wild animals are the source of the disease. When they are consumed by humans, the diseased is transmitted and becomes more infectious through human-to-human contact. The timing of this particular outbreak coincides with Spring Festival, known as the largest human migration. An estimated 3 billion trips will be made during the 2020 Spring Festival season. Not only are people traveling intensively within China, but with schools on holiday, many families have planned travels abroad. The sheer volume of people shuttling within and going out of the country has increased the potentially exposed population at an exponential rate. It could be easy to suggest that a banning of wild animal consumption or a total lockdown of the source of infection could solve the problem. But, the problem is that these particular eating and traveling are traditional for a vast number of the Chinese population. It is not just in the city of Wuhan, but in provinces like Fujian and Guangdong, that wild animals constitute a substantial portion of the cuisine. With a combined population of more than 150 million, removing an important part of dining would be a daunting task from a governance perspective. The same goes for the travel. Shutting down the city with 11 million residents is already an unprecedented task, especially during Spring Festival. There has been online chatter about people trying to get out of Wuhan en mass after the lockdown was announced, and that hundreds of thousands left the city in mere hours. Incidences of people with fever are being widely circulated online alongside accusations of being irresponsible. However, facing a disease that doesn't have a clear set of early symptoms, or painting every fever and cold with the same brush would be unfair to many. Those who have planned their trips or those who have to travel for personal or professional purposes might have no choice but to go through with it. Beyond Wuhan, there are increasing number of cases arising in major mega-metropolises. With undetermined (or even an indeterminable) number of infected people, such a containment tactic might be case-specific instead of a long-term strategy. This is what makes the disease scary: It is so tied-up with tradition. A vast number of people don't want to forfeit their one chance in the year to do certain things, which is problematic for the easy solution of a ban on these traditions that touch the core of the identity of the population. Facing an outbreak with the potential to exacerbate beyond control, a temporary prohibition could serve in the public interest. But this is, after all, just one disease. It is a natural pattern that contagious diseases will reoccur in different forms and levels of severity. It is highly unlikely that this is the last time that an infectious disease spreads during a busy holiday season. Repeating this strategy of prohibition, even though it cures the disease, might have an insidious effect that damages something else deeper. The task ahead for doctors, scientists and policymakers are as great, if not greater, as managing the current outbreak. When it comes to disease, there's hardly a win-win situation. The solution is a delicate balance between necessary emergency and cultural actions. This is the tightrope they will be walking.  
WS5e2c0dfaa310128217273384	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2c0dfaa310128217273384.html	2020-01-25	Wuhan to build another hospital for coronavirus patients	Photo taken on Jan 24, 2020 shows the construction site of a makeshift hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo/Xinhua] Wuhan, the epicenter of the new coronavirus pneumonia outbreak, plans to build another 1,300-bed hospital to receive patients to ease the shortage of beds in the city, the local government said on Saturday afternoon. The new hospital, named Leishenshan Hospital, will be the second hospital in the city to receive patients infected with the new virus. The construction is expected to be completed in 15 days, the People's Daily reported online. Local government announced earlier this week that it would build a 1,000-bed mobile hospital, with a floor area of 25,000 square meters, for designated patients before Feb 3.
WS5e2bf3d8a31012821727336d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2bf3d8a31012821727336d.html	2020-01-25	Japan confirms third case of novel coronavirus infection	Medical staff carry a box as they walk at the Jinyintan hospital, where the patients with pneumonia caused by the new strain of coronavirus are being treated, in Wuhan, Hubei province, Jan 10, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] TOKYO - Japan has confirmed a third case of infection of novel coronavirus, the health ministry said on Saturday. The latest case was confirmed in a woman in her 30s who lives in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the outbreak. She arrived in Japan on Jan 18, the ministry said. The death toll from the novel coronavirus outbreak jumped on Saturday to 41 from 26 a day earlier. More than 1,300 people have been infected globally.  Reuters
WS5e2bda00a310128217273360	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2bda00a310128217273360.html	2020-01-25	1,230 medical workers to assist Wuhan amid coronavirus epidemic	Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Huang Shifeng/chinadaily.com.cn] The National Health Commission has set up six medical teams with a total of 1,230 personnel to assist in the response to the novel coronavirus epidemic in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province on Saturday. Three medical teams from Shanghai, South China's Guangdong and the People's Liberation Army have arrived in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. Six reserve medical teams are on standby. Experts in critical care medicine also have been appointed to strengthen clinical guidance for the treatment of patients. To ensure the timely treatment of suspected and confirmed cases, Wuhan, on the basis of two designated hospitals and 61 fever clinics in the epidemic's early stage, commandeered 24 local general hospitals in three batches and temporarily transformed them into hospitals for admission of fever patients, according to the requirements of infectious disease prevention and treatment institutions, as of Saturday. There are now more than 4,000 beds with another 6,000 to be available by the end of the month. The city would promptly commandeer a fourth batch of hospitals depending on how the situation develops. According to the National Health Commission, deaths from the novel coronavirus rose to 41 on the Chinese mainland as of Friday at midnight, with 1,287 confirmed cases. Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Huang Shifeng/chinadaily.com.cn] The commission also strengthened the nationwide work plan, revised and issued diagnosis and treatment, prevention and control plans for cases. It also improved the daily report system and the system for monitoring pneumonia with unknown causes and triage of preclinical examination for fever. Governments at all levels have published the list of designated medical institutions for fever clinics and pneumonia diagnosis and treatment. Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Yong/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Yong/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e2bd096a310128217273356	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2bd096a310128217273356.html	2020-01-25	Toddler infected with coronavirus under quarantine	A two-year-old girl in South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region has been infected with the novel coronavirus, local health authorities said on Saturday, raising concerns for the virulent illness's impact on children. The majority of confirmed cases - which has climbed to over 1,200 in the Chinese mainland - have been in older people and those with underlying health conditions, but health experts have said that children and teenagers also should take precautions against the virus. According to local health authorities in Guangxi, the infected minor lives in Wuhan, Hubei province - the epicenter of the outbreak. She flew to Nanning, the provincial capital of Guangxi, from Wuhan on Tuesday and then rode a bus to Hechi city, about 250 kilometers north of Nanning. She visited a local hospital in the early hours on Thursday after showing symptoms of fever and a cough. The girl is now being quarantined for treatment and is in stable condition, local health authorities said. Previously, South China's Guangdong province also confirmed infection in young children. A 10-year-old boy who returned from Wuhan to Guangdong's Shenzhen city on Jan 4 was hospitalized on Jan 11 and later confirmed to have contracted the virus, local newspaper Guangzhou Daily reported. The boy is reportedly cured of the illness and was discharged from the hospital on Thursday. Li Lanjuan, a member of the high-level expert team convened by the National Health Commission, said on Thursday that the elderly population and those with chronic diseases or low immunity levels are more vulnerable to the novel coronavirus, but children and teenagers are not immune to the virus and should take proper protective measures.
WS5e2bc0e7a31012821727334f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2bc0e7a31012821727334f.html	2020-01-25	HK confirms 3 more cases of novel coronavirus	The Hong Kong government on Friday night confirmed three additional cases of novel coronavirus infection, in addition to the two confirmed earlier. In the meantime, a leading microbiologist warned of the novel coronavirus' high attack rate of 83 percent in family members who have been in Wuhan, cautioning that the next few days could be "the last window of opportunity" to stop it from spreading in the city. According to a government statement, the three patients, including a female and a couple, all live in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. All were admitted for isolation and are now in stable condition. According to the 62-year-old female patient, she travelled from Wuhan to Shenzhen and then from Shenzhen to Hong Kong by high-speed rail on Jan 19. After developing fever and a cough on Jan 20, she sought medical treatment at Tuen Mun Hospital's Accident and Emergency Department on Thursday and was admitted to an isolation area on Friday. She had visited a wet market in Wuhan and a relative with a cough in a hospital there during the incubation period, but had no exposure to wild animals. Preliminary investigations revealed that she came to Hong Kong with her husband to visit their daughter and son-in-law and stayed at South Hillcrest in Tuen Mun. Her husband, daughter and son-in-law are asymptomatic and will be transferred to Lady MacLehose Holiday Village for quarantine. The other two patients are a couple - a 62-year-old woman and a 63-year-old man. They arrived in Hong Kong by high speed rail from Wuhan at about 8 pm on Wednesday. After developing symptoms such as fever and a cough, they went to the Prince of Wales Hospital's Emergency Department on Thursday and were admitted for isolation. According to the patients, they neither visited any health care facilities, wet or seafood markets during the incubation period, nor had any exposure to wild animals or poultry, or contact with patients with pneumonia symptoms or upper respiratory tract infection. Preliminary investigations revealed that the couple stayed at Lake Silver in Ma On Shan with their daughter and a domestic helper. Their daughter developed fever on Thursday and will be transferred to Prince of Wales Hospital for isolation. The domestic helper is asymptomatic and will be transferred to Lady MacLehose Holiday Village for quarantine. Meanwhile, the government is closely monitoring an overseas confirmed case of novel coronavirus infection involving a patient who boarded Cathay Dragon flight KA853 on Sunday from Wuhan to Hong Kong for transit and departed on Cathay Pacific CX500 on the same day after the onset of symptoms. Members of the public who traveled on these two flights are urged to call the hotline. On Friday night, the president of the Center for Infection at the University of Hong Kong Ho Pak-leung quoted Yuen Kwok-yung, the city's leading epidemiologist, that the novel coronavirus shows a very high attack rate in family clusters and that it has reached 83 percent in family members who have been in Wuhan. The next few days could be the last window of opportunity to stop the infection from spreading by people who don't know they're infected coming into the city as the incubation period is 3 to 6 days in a family cluster, Ho said in a social media post. Apart from the 5 confirmed cases, as of noon of Jan 24, the Centre for Health Protection (CHP) of the Department of Health of HKSAR government has received reports of a total 239 suspected cases. Among them, 122 reported cases have been ruled out as novel coronavirus infection and were discharged already. The remaining 122 cases were hospitalised.
WS5e2bb1b6a31012821727333a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2bb1b6a31012821727333a.html	2020-01-25	Wuhan reports first doctor death from coronavirus	A medical worker in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, reportedly died of the novel coronavirus on Saturday morning, the first fatality among health workers since the pneumonia-like illness first surfaced in late December, online news website Paper.cn reported. Liang Wudong, a 62-year-old doctor with the otolarngology department who treats conditions in the ear, nose and throat at Hubei Xinhua Hospital, was suspected of contracting the new virus on Jan 16. The hospital that he works for is in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. On Jan 18, he was transferred to Hubei Jinyintan Hospital, which has received the majority of infected patients, and died at about 7 am on Saturday. Previously, the Wuhan Municipal Health Commission said on Tuesday that 15 medical workers were confirmed as contracting the virus, with one suspected case. One of them is critically ill. Deaths from the novel coronavirus rose to 41 on the Chinese mainland as of Friday midnight, with 1,287 confirmed cases, according to the National Health Commission.
WS5e2bad63a310128217273336	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2bad63a310128217273336.html	2020-01-25	Coronavirus outbreak: 444 new cases added on Friday	Passengers are asked to test their temperature at the Singapore Changi Airport on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] The Chinese mainland has confirmed 1, 287 cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia and 41 deaths, according to the National Health Commission. It confirmed 444 new infections and 16 new fatalities in the Chinese mainland on Friday, as the contagious illness continues to spread across the country, so far affecting 30 provincial-level regions. Thirty-eight infected patients have been cured of the illness and discharged from hospitals, and a total of 1,965 suspected cases have been reported. Hong Kong has reported five cases, while Macao has reported two and Taiwan has reported three. Overseas, Thailand has confirmed four cases, and Singapore has confirmed three. Japan, South Korea, the United States and Vietnam have each reported two, while Nepal has confirmed one, according to the commission. France has reported three. Australia reported its first confirmed case, according to Bloomberg. Two infected patients in Thailand and one patient in Japan have been cured of the illness, it added. In Central China's Hubei province, where the provincial capital, Wuhan, has been the epicenter of the outbreak, the number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus has risen to 729 with 39 deaths as of Friday midnight, according to local health authority. The Health Commission of Hubei Province confirmed 180 new infections and 15 new fatalities on Friday. It has also traced 5,682 people who had close contact with the infected, and medical quarantine put on 971 of them has been discontinued. After Wuhan was put under lockdown since 10 am on Wednesday, 13 other cities in Hubei have started placing restrictions on movement and shutting down public transportation. Nationwide, local authorities also have implemented a number of measures and restrictions on public gatherings to curb the spread of the disease.
WS5e2ba525a310128217273322	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2ba525a310128217273322.html	2020-01-25	Military medical teams arrive in Wuhan to battle coronavirus outbreak	Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Huang Shifeng/chinadaily.com.cn] About 450 military medical personnel and eight medical teams arrived in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Friday to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia. The military medical personnel, among which are 143 from Air Force Medical University in Xi'an, Northwest China's Shaanxi province, 150 from The Second Military Medical University in Shanghai and 135 from Army Medical University in Chongqing. They and a batch of medical supplies and equipment were sent to Wuhan by the Airborne Force. Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Huang Shifeng/chinadaily.com.cn] The medical personnel have rich experience in the prevention, control and treatment of infectious diseases. Some of them participated in the fight against SARS and helped Africa fight an Ebola outbreak. They will go to Jinyintan Hospital, Hankou Hospital, and Wuchang Hospital in Wuhan on Saturday to carry out medical rescue services. Medical teams from eight hospitals in South China's Guangdong province also rushed to Wuhan on Friday night. According to the National Health Commission, the Chinese mainland has confirmed 1,287 cases of the new coronavirus pneumonia and 41 deaths. Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Yong/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Yong/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Zhu Yong/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Li Ziyun/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Military medical personnel arrive in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, to fight the novel coronavirus pneumonia, Jan 24, 2020. [Photo by Jin Zhenqiang/chinadaily.com.cn]  
WS5e2b8bbba3101282172732d9	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2b8bbba3101282172732d9.html	2020-01-25	Three infected in France as coronavirus reaches Europe	French Health and Solidarity Minister Agnes Buzyn delivers a speech during a news conference after attending a weekly cabinet meeting and an official presentation of the pension overhaul reform before submitting it to the Parliament, at the Elysee Presidential Palace in Paris, France January 24, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] Three people in France have tested positive for coronavirus, representing the first confirmed cases of the disease in Europe, French authorities said. The country's Health Minister Agnes Buzyn announced two cases at a news conference, and a third case was confirmed hours later. Buzyn said that French medical specialists have developed a rapid diagnosis test for the disease and explained this is likely to be why the first European cases have been verified in the country. "We identified the first positive cases very quickly," she said. "You have to treat an epidemic as you would a fire, that's to say find the source very quickly." Buzyn said one of the patients is a 48-year-old French man who traveled to China on business and passed through Wuhan, where the virus was first reported. "He's been put in an insulated room so as to avoid any contact with the outside world. He's fine," she said. French authorities said two of the three infected people belonged to the same family. As of Friday night, Chinese officials said the disease has killed 41 people and infected more than 1,200. Two cases of coronavirus were confirmed in the United States on Friday, and the virus has been reported in several Asian nations outside China, including South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
WS5e2b8277a3101282172732cf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2b8277a3101282172732cf.html	2020-01-25	Taiwan reports two new cases of novel coronavirus-related pneumonia	TAIPEI -- Two individuals were confirmed to be infected by the novel coronavirus that caused pneumonia, raising the total confirmed cases in Taiwan to three, the island's epidemic monitoring agency said Friday. The two new cases were a woman from the Chinese mainland and a man from Taiwan, who were both in their 50s and arrived in Taiwan on Jan 21, the agency said, adding that they have both been to Wuhan of Central China. The woman went to hospital on Jan 23 after having fever while the man showed symptoms of flu on Jan 20 and went to hospital on Jan 23. The patients have received treatment in isolation wards, the agency said. A total of 30 people who had close contacts with the patients are currently healthy and being closely monitored, the agency said.
WS5e2b8221a3101282172732c5	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2b8221a3101282172732c5.html	2020-01-25	Preliminary test shows 2 more patients positive for novel coronavirus in Hong Kong	HONG KONG -- Two more patients were preliminarily tested positive for the novel coronavirus in Hong Kong, an official said on Friday, following two cases confirmed on Thursday after the virus gene sequencing test. The two women, both 62, were under isolation in Tuen Mun Hospital and Prince of Wales Hospital respectively, Wong Ka-hing, controller of the Center for Health Protection (CHP) of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) government, said at a press conference. Wong added that further test is underway for the two, who presented fever and other respiratory symptoms after visiting Wuhan during the past 14 days. Hong Kong confirmed two cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia on Thursday for the first time after the infectious disease broke out in central China's Wuhan city. In the face of the situation, the HKSAR has announced a series of measures, including a health declaration form system expanded to railway passengers and cancellation of two festive events. The CHP had received reports of a total of 176 suspected cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia as of Thursday noon. Of all, 109 reported cases have been ruled out and discharged from the hospital. As of Friday noon, public hospitals had admitted 70 patients in the past 24 hours who met the reporting criteria of severe respiratory disease associated with a novel infectious agent. Wong said the CHP is also tracking close contacts of the second confirmed case in Japan who transferred the flight in Hong Kong. Efforts will continue to prevent an outbreak in Hong Kong, such as body temperature monitoring in ports of entry and control measures in public hospitals. The CHP has set up a special page about the new disease on its website and started to update related information every day. Chinese health authorities announced Friday that 830 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus had been reported in 29 provincial-level regions in the country by the end of Thursday. To curb the spread of the epidemic, China on Thursday morning locked down central China's Wuhan city, the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, and is mobilizing medical staff and resources nationwide to aid the city and control the epidemic. The first group of 135 medical workers from hospitals in Shanghai is scheduled to fly to Wuhan on Friday night. Shanghai will dispatch 405 medical workers in three groups to Wuhan. An aid team consisting of 205 experienced doctors and nurses from nine hospitals in Guangdong Province has been set up and stands ready to leave for Wuhan. Doctors, nurses and experts from hospitals in other places such as Zhejiang and Sichuan have been selected or volunteered to sign up for the task.
WS5e2b4d23a310128217273281	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/25/WS5e2b4d23a310128217273281.html	2020-01-25	Details of coronavirus uncovered as battle against it continues	On Friday, the national pathogen microbe resource storage facility released key information about the new coronavirus that causes pneumonia. The information includes virus type and an image taken by an electron telescope, as well as the primer and probe sequence of its nucleic acid detection, all of which were released for the first time. The important information was obtained by the National Institute for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, within the China Center for Disease Control and Prevention, after it successfully isolated the information. The details are published on the official website of the CCDCP.
WS5e2b1047a31012821727326f	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2b1047a31012821727326f.html	2020-01-24	CDC confirms second case of coronavirus in US	The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on Friday confirmed a second US case of the new coronavirus from China in a Chicago woman, and said as many as 63 potential cases were being investigated as the sometimes deadly illness continues to spread around the globe. Of the 63 people under investigation from 22 states, 11 have so far tested negative, CDC said on a conference call with reporters. News of the woman in Chicago infected with the virus first reported in Wuhan, China, followed the announcement earlier this week of a man from Washington state who was diagnosed with the virus after returning from Wuhan. The newly discovered virus has killed 26 people and infected more than 800. Most of the cases and all of the deaths so far have been in China, where officials have imposed severe restrictions on travel and public gatherings. The virus has created alarm, but there are a still many unknowns surrounding it, such as just how dangerous it is and how easily it spreads between people. It can lead to pneumonia, which has been deadly in some cases. The 60-year-old woman from Chicago had traveled to Wuhan in December and returned Jan 13. Dr Allison Arwady, commissioner of the Chicago Department of Public Health, said on a conference call that the woman is in stable condition and remains in an unnamed Chicago hospital primarily for infection control purposes. The woman hadn't taken public transportation and wasn't ill when she traveled, Arwady said. A few days after arriving home, the patient began to feel unwell and called ahead to alert her doctor to her illness. The physician asked about her travel history, quickly put a mask on the patient, and directed her to a hospital with infection control capabilities, Arwady said. Hospital staff performed a full clinical examination and worked with public health officials to arrange testing for the novel coronavirus at the CDC. The CDC said it believes the immediate threat is low, but added that there are likely to be more patients under investigation in coming days. The World Health Organization on Thursday declared the virus an ``emergency in China", but stopped short of declaring it a global health emergency. REUTERS
WS5e2afffca310128217273268	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2afffca310128217273268.html	2020-01-24	Health authorities say coronavirus risk remains low in UK	The United Kingdom health agency Public Health England says no cases of coronavirus have been detected in the UK as of Friday afternoon and the risk to the public there remains low. The agency made the announcement on Friday afternoon after UK Cabinet ministers and security services representatives gathered for an emergency committee meeting – known as COBRA – to discuss the coronavirus outbreak that has infected 830 people and killed 26 in the Chinese mainland. "No confirmed cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been detected in the UK and the risk to the UK population is low," Public Health England, which is also known as PHE, said in a statement. "If you have traveled to the affected area, make sure you know what to do if you experience symptoms." PHE also released a slideshow on social media as part of an information campaign about the virus. The slides say any people who have visited Wuhan in the last 14 days should contact a health professional if they experience any of the following symptoms: a cough, runny nose, sore throat, fever, or difficulty breathing. The COBRA meeting was chaired by UK Health Secretary Matt Hancock, who told the BBC that the "risk to British public from coronavirus remains low".
WS5e2aedeba31012821727325d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2aedeba31012821727325d.html	2020-01-24	Coronavirus crisis reveals dangers of bushmeat	The source of the new coronavirus, which has caused the ongoing plague of pneumonia spreading from Wuhan, has been confirmed: Bushmeat. According to Gao Fu, a member of the National Health Commission expert group, the virus was found both in the bodies of infected patients, and on vendors that sold bushmeat in the market where the first infections were found. To quote a popular saying online, "it is some people's greed for bushmeat that led to the release of the demon". Paraphrased, the whole of humankind has been paying a price for the greed of a few. That, in turn, aroused fierce vituperations against the illegal bushmeat supply. On Weibo, China's equivalent to Twitter, the hashtag #SayNoToBushmeat has been read over 860 million times. Yet in terms of the law, selling, purchasing and eating bushmeat is not so strictly prohibited. According to the Law on Wild Animal Protection, it is prohibited to sell or buy food made from protected animals, or food made from non-protected animals without any legal proof of their sources. That leaves a loophole: Businesses can get legal certificates to sell the meat of animals not on the protected list, which is no less dangerous than the meat of protected creatures. The law allows people to raise and breed wild animals, but some illegal businesses sell these animals to restaurants while obtaining legal certificates to cover their true purpose:Hunting protected animals and selling meat. In past cases, the police had cracked down illegal vendors that held legal certificates on ordinary animals but sold the meat of pangolin, giant salamanders and bats. They could not explain where the meat came from. That's why, as the new coronavirus emerged, several legal experts jointly called for stricter legislation and more detailed rules on legal enforcement to make bushmeat totally disappear from tables. Their call comes the a right time. In the past, such calls were mainly made from the angle of biodiversity, prompting people to protect animals. Now people are realizing how dangerous eating bushmeat can be. It's unfortunate, but some people won't care about something until it poses a danger to themselves. Over 30 days from now, the annual sessions of the National People's Congress and Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference will be held in Beijing. Let's hope the legislators and political advisers will propel stricter legislation and fill in any loopholes, to take bushmeat off the table for good. That's not only for the benefit of wild animals, but also for the whole of humankind.
WS5e2adf91a31012821727325b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2adf91a31012821727325b.html	2020-01-24	HK reports two more coronavirus infection cases	Hong Kong is reported to have two more patients test positive for the novel coronavirus after initial tests, according to Wong Ka-hing, controller of the Centre for Health Protection. The two female patients, both 62, are being treated and quarantined in Tuen Mun Hospital and Prince of Wales Hospital. Both were believed to have visited Wuhan city in Hubei province 14 days before. Hong Kong earlier confirmed two cases of infection of the pneumonia-like coronavirus, which was responsible for a outbreak in the Chinese mainland. As of noon of Jan 23, the Department of Health has received reports of a total of 176 suspected cases. Among them, 107 were ruled out as being the novel coronavirus and discharged. The remaining 67 cases, including the two confirmed patients, were in hospitals. Wong also noted the second confirmed patient was believed to have taken a Dragonair flight from Japan on Sunday and later, another Cathay flight back to Japan. The center will follow up on those who made contact with the male patient on the airplanes. The Hospital Authority on Friday announced it had admitted 70 suspected cases, the youngest being a 7-month-old infant, over the past 24 hours, weighing down on the availability of the wards and quarantine areas. The authority has been talking with the city's hotels in the hope of accommodating medical professionals who have been attending to suspected cases. Their requests were turned down by some hotels. The Education Bureau on Friday said it is mulling tightening precautions at schools, including extending Chinese New Year vacation for students to stay at home. Earlier, study tours to Wuhan were suspended by the bureau. Across the sea, Hong Kong's neighboring city Macao has announced it would delay the start of school to Feb 10 or after for all kindergartens, primary and secondary schools. A total of 10 higher education institutions will start the new semester after Feb 11. Public libraries, museums and exhibition centers will also be shut down until further notice.
WS5e2ad7baa310128217273253	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2ad7baa310128217273253.html	2020-01-24	Bio companies expand production for new coronavirus testing kits	Biological product companies have expanded production for detection kits of the new coronavirus, and sent the equipment to local disease control centers in epidemic areas. GeneoDx Biotech, a Shanghai-based pharmaceutical company, told Xinhua News Agency on Friday it has sent 1,000 boxes of new coronavirus detection kits, which can test 50,000 suspected patients, to Wuhan in central Hubei province. It has expanded its production capacity since Thursday and delivered detection kits that can test around 20,000 people to centers for disease prevention and control in Wuhan, and the company will operate around the clock to continue producing detection kits for 120,000 people, Xinhua reported. The company is a subsidiary of Sinopharm Group, and one of three companies designated by National Health Commission to produce detection kits for the new virus. The other two designated companies are Shanghai BioGerm Medical Biotechnology and Shanghai Huirui Biotechnology. Workers at BioGerm have returned to production lines during the Spring Festival holiday, and employees took trains or planes to deliver detection kits across the country, news portal The Paper reported on Thursday. Other companies are also contributing to the production of testing kits for local authorities affected by the epidemic. PerkinElmer, an American diagnostics solutions provider and the mother company of Longrun Bio-Tech, said on its WeChat account it has immediately convened technical strength to develop testing solutions for the coronavirus. It will provide free detection devices, including chemagic Prepito-D, a fast and compact instrument for automated DNA and RNA isolation, and nucleic acid detection kits (RT-PCR probe) to disease control centers in areas with confirmed and suspected cases of the coronavirus. Shanghai Kehua Bio-Engineering, a listed company on the SME board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, said on its website it developed the testing kit on Jan 12, and provided products to Wuhan and other areas. Ding Wei, president of Kehua Bio-Engineering, said on Shanghai Television on Thursday it takes 1.5 to 2 hours for testing and the accuracy of the detector is above 99 percent. Confirmed infection cases jumped to 1287 as of midnight on Jan 24 as the virus has killed 41 so far, according to China's National Health Commission.
WS5e2ad550a310128217273250	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2ad550a310128217273250.html	2020-01-24	Spread of new coronavirus begins second wave of infection: Authorities	Apart from strict measures taken in hospitals, other places including railway stations are using infection prevention and control workers to disinfect public facilities such as Wuhan's Hankou Railway Station (above) in Hubei province. YUAN ZHENG/FOR CHINA DAILY The spread of the coronavirus has begun its second wave of infection, deputy director of the Hubei provincial health commission Liu Dongru said on Friday. He said the province now has a large number of fever patients in outpatient care, because the second wave of the coronavirus coincided with the peak season of regular diseases and influenza, causing a soaring number of fever patients. In addition, a small number of patients are affected by false information and went to see doctors in a panic, he added. Liu said more than 549 medical institutions in Hubei province, including 61 medical institutions in Wuhan, Hubei's capital city and the epicenter of the disease, have set up fever clinics. This includes all township health centers. All health service centers in Wuhan have fever clinics which can conduct screening and differential diagnosis of fever patients, he said, adding if the cause of the fever cannot be determined, patients must be referred to designated hospitals for further diagnosis. Liu added in response to current difficulties fever patients are having seeing a doctor, authorities have strengthened early warning mechanisms and increased technical force to ensure the level of differential diagnosis improves during the triage process. They have asked all hospitals capable of conducting polymerase chain reaction tests - a technique to analyze a short sequence of DNA enabling early detection of infections - to confirm the new coronavirus cases based on the results of pathogenic testing to reduce the flow of patients and improve effectiveness in early detection, diagnosis, quarantine and treatment. Wuhan has designated 15 hospitals to receive critical cases referred by other hospitals, Liu said, adding it is necessary for members of the public to identify false information to avoid unnecessary panic. As of Friday afternoon, Hubei province has reported 549 confirmed cases of new coronavirus , with 31 cured and released from hospitals and 24 dead. Among the 494 patients currently being treated in the hospital, 106 are in severe condition and 23 are critically ill, the provincial health commission said. They are all under quarantine, and 3,653 people who have been in close contract with patients have been treated. Of these, 2,776 are still under observation, the commission added.
WS5e2ad476a31012821727324d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2ad476a31012821727324d.html	2020-01-24	UK university issues quarantine warning over coronavirus	The University of Chester has told students traveling to China during the Spring Festival that they may face a quarantine period when they return, due to the coronavirus outbreak that has killed 25 people and infected 830 in the Chinese mainland. Close to 200,000 Chinese students study in the United Kingdom, and several universities have issued guidelines for those traveling to and from China. With the announcement of a quarantine period, Chester has taken the most drastic action so far. "The university has notified students currently here, if they return to China for Chinese New Year they will not be re-admitted without a suitable quarantine period," the university said in a statement. Advocacy group Universities UK, which represents more than 130 British education institutions, said UK universities will "continue to follow the latest Foreign and Commonwealth Office advice and to monitor the situation, which is evolving rapidly". "Ensuring the safety and welfare of their students is a top priority for universities," the group said in a statement. "UK universities have been monitoring the coronavirus situation as it unfolds and universities with students in affected areas are working to identify appropriate actions."
WS5e2aa046a31012821727320c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2aa046a31012821727320c.html	2020-01-24	WHO: Coronavirus not yet global health emergency	None
WS5e2aac18a31012821727321d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2aac18a31012821727321d.html	2020-01-24	36 new coronavirus pneumonia patients cured: Statistics	Doctors examine an image of chest X-rays in a hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, Jan 19, 2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Thirty-six pneumonia patients infected by the new coronavirus have been cured and released from hospitals as of 21:00 on Friday, statistics from the National Health Commission show. A 56-year-old woman infected by the new coronavirus has been cured of pneumonia and became the first in Shanghai to be released from hospitals in the city since the virus outbreak began, the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission said on Friday evening. The woman, surnamed Chen, did not show any symptoms of the disease for the past six days and was tested negative for the virus twice before the city's expert team evaluated her condition and decided she was qualified for release from quarantine according to national standards. Beijing announced on Thursday afternoon a female patient has recovered and been released from hospital on Thursday. The woman lives in Beijing's Daxing district. She returned to Beijing from Hubei province, the epicenter of the disease, on Jan 8 and showed symptoms of fever, headache and fatigue before being transferred to Beijing Ditan Hospital for treatment under quarantine, the Beijing health commission said. After being diagnosed with the new coronavirus and being hospitalized, she received treatment and gradually returned to a healthy condition, the commission said, adding her conditions met the requirements for release after assessment. This patient was the 35th in the country to recover from the new coronavirus infection. According to statistics from the National Health Commission, 34 patients have been cured and released from hospitals as of Thursday at midnight, with 31 in Hubei province, including 28 in Hubei’s capital city Wuhan, two in Shenzhen, Guangdong province and one in Zhejiang province. The two fully recovered patients in Shenzhen, released from hospitals on Thursday afternoon, were a 35-year-old male hospitalized on Jan 16, and a 10-year-old boy hospitalized on Jan 11. Both were in the first batch of patients received by Shenzhen Third People’s Hospital.
WS5e2aa123a31012821727320f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2aa123a31012821727320f.html	2020-01-24	State ministries develop plans to cope with coronavirus	None
WS5e2a9f43a31012821727320a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2a9f43a31012821727320a.html	2020-01-24	8 key questions about new coronavirus	A patient undergoes blood test at Tongji hospital in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Tao Jidong/chinadaily.com.cn] 1. Human-to-human transmission, limited or sustainable spread? Zhong Nanshan, a renowned respiratory expert, confirmed on Jan 20 that the new coronavirus can be transmitted among humans. But there are two types of human-to-human spread: limited and sustainable. The former refers to cases in which the virus spreads from one human to another, who is not able to further infect other humans. The latter refers to cases in which the virus can spread across generations, posing much greater threat to us. No cases of the latter scenario have been detected. 2. Incubation period of the virus The incubation period of the virus is up to two weeks. 3. Which kind of face masks we should wear? Face masks that can block particulate matter are the best option, but wearing this kind of mask can feel stifling. Surgical masks are also preferable because they can keep droplets away. Wearing face masks tightly is also important. If mist appears on your glasses, it means you are not wearing it tightly. 4. Why are medical staff at higher risk of infection? Why have many medical workers, with all the protective gear they wear, been infected by the virus while few family members of patients contracted the disease? It is because the aerosol produced in the process of intubation of pneumonia patients is highly contagious. It heightens the risk of medical workers contracting the virus. Medical staff of Union Hospital affiliated to Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology attend a ceremony to form a "assault team" in the fight against the pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, Jan 22, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] 5. Super-spreader A "super-spreader" is highly infectious and can transmit the virus to a considerable amount of people, accelerating transmission and widening the outbreak. When there is a super-spreader, the medics around are the most vulnerable group to be infected. 6. Why is it suspected the virus is related to eating wild animals? Wild animals sold at a seafood market in Wuhan could be the source of the outbreak. 7. Do express deliveries from Wuhan need to be rejected? No. No need to reject normal express deliveries. Although the virus can survive for a certain period of time after leaving the host, the enveloped virus usually does not survive more than a few hours. Further, "survival" does not mean it could infect people. A few virus particles cannot cause infection. Only when virus activity and concentration reach certain levels can infection happen. Opening windows to ventilate rooms could prevent influenza, as this decreases viral concentration. The express delivery boxes have been entirely ventilated, and could not transmit the virus. 8. Now what can we do? The new coronavirus has mutated to enable people-to-people transmission. In the human body, its virulence may continue to mutate. Now is a critical moment to prevent and control the virus. Everyone should stay away from wildlife and gatherings, and take heavy precautions. The fewer people get infected, the less likely the virus will mutate into a highly contagious one.
WS5e2a9c60a310128217273208	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2a9c60a310128217273208.html	2020-01-24	Three rail workers confirmed with coronavirus infection in Tianjin	Tianjin confirmed on Friday that three cases of the novel coronavirus were reported among colleagues who are crew members in the same workshop at the city's high speed rail's passenger service section. One went to Wuhan, the epicenter of the disease, for a business trip before falling ill, and was confirmed as the city's second case on Thursday. Two of his colleagues were diagnosed as the fifth and sixth cases in the city on Friday. Until Friday mid-afternoon, the North China city had confirmed seven cases of the viral pneumonia. People who work with the three are under close observation and the whole workshop was closed to undergo strict disinfection. On Friday the level was raised to the top response under the four-level major public health emergency response system. Since Thursday, the city has announced it would close all public museums, halt large festival celebrations and temple fairs in Dule Temple and Yangliuqing Ancient Town, as well as some major festival activities planned in major tourist destinations, including the Wudadao, -- the Five Avenues, one of the top tourist destinations in China during festivals.
WS5e2a978aa310128217273205	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2a978aa310128217273205.html	2020-01-24	Online platform set up to report local govt failure during coronavirus pneumonia outbreak	An infection prevention and control worker disinfects Wuhan Hankou Railway Station in Hubei province. YUAN ZHENG/FOR CHINA DAILY The Chinese central government has vowed to punish any improper behavior by local governments and departments while curbing the spread of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia and encouraging the public to report such behavior. An online platform, "the Internet + Supervision", is open for the public. Through it, people can report tips that relate to local governments' and departments' sloppy administration, and incorrect or inefficient measures to prevent and control the spread of novel coronavirus-related pneumonia, according to a statement issued on the website of the State Council, China's Cabinet. The statement listed examples of behaviors that can be reported, including officials' inadequate carrying out their responsibilities, ineffectively responding to prevention and control of the virus to limit its spread, slacking at work and shirking responsibilities. For cases involving delayed, concealed and missing reporting on the epidemic situation that lead to serious consequences, such as the spread of the epidemic, the General Office of the State Council will directly send inspectors to solve the problems. "Once a case is verified to be true, it will be dealt with seriously, in accordance with the law and regulations," the statement said. The office will collect information on such problems and accept tips from the public based on which office will supervise, and urge local government officials and departments to deal with the issues in a timely way, a measure to improve epidemic prevention and control work, it said.
WS5e2a823ba3101282172731f3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2a823ba3101282172731f3.html	2020-01-24	Family reunion plans canceled around globe due to coronavirus	The logo of Air China is pictured on an airplane parked at the aircraft builder's headquarters of Airbus in Colomiers near Toulouse, France, November 15, 2019. [Photo/Agencies] Like many in the Chinese diaspora, Wang Yifan had hoped to be reunited with her family back home for the Spring Festival, but after learning about the recent coronavirus outbreak, she decided the trip was probably not worth the risk. Wang said she purchased her ticket through Air China and was set to fly home at the beginning of February. She has yet to cancel her plane ticket, but is closely monitoring the situation and hoping it gets better as days pass. Wang was in Beijing when SARS broke out in 2003. The Lunar New Year, which starts Jan 25, marks the world's largest migration of people as hundreds and millions of Chinese people are expected to travel within China and out of the country to reunite with friends and families during a weeklong holiday rush. The journeys often involve time spent on packed trains and airtight planes with recirculated air. But this year's festival comes amid the peak of the coronavirus, a pneumonia-causing virus first reported in Wuhan, a large city in Central China. As of Thursday afternoon, the coronavirus had killed 25 people and sickened hundreds more, including people in the United States, Thailand, South Korea, Singapore, Japan and Vietnam. The US Centers for Disease Control (CDC) escalated the health warning to level 3 on Thursday, recommending people to avoid all nonessential travel to Wuhan. Her Chinese friends are separated into two camps, Wang said. A group of them still hope to spend time with their families in China during this special occasion, but another group, like her, is concerned about the human-to-human transmission, so they have either canceled their plane tickets or are still deciding as the situation unfolds. "I am really worried about my family and friends in China. We are in close contact with each other through phone and WeChat, and we remind each other to take the necessary precautionary steps," said Wang, an executive board member of the Chinese Civic Center in Houston, Texas. Wang remembered the day of SARS, a similar viral outbreak that hit China during late 2002 and early 2003, which also overlapped with the Spring Festival. Wang said the current outbreak seems to be better controlled due to the improvement of medical equipment and the government's enhanced experience of dealing with epidemics. Ai Qi, who works at a Pasadena, California-based technology company RMDS Lab, said she bought plane tickets to Seattle before CDC announced the first known US coronavirus case in the city. However, she has no plans to cancel her trip. "I was actually in Beijing during the SARS epidemic and experienced the suspension of classes, so I'm more rational about this matter," she said. But she did change some of her other plans. Instead of going to a restaurant for New Year Eve's dinner, she has opted for takeout food. She also has bought face masks from a local store. According to official estimates, Chinese spent $149 billion during Spring Festival week last year. However, the outbreak is bound to change the event this year. For one, it is a major setback to the travel agencies. Herman Tan, a manager at Fei Yang Travel, with headquarters in New York and offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco and China, estimated that the epidemic will cause a 40 percent decline in revenue at his company. "We don't suggest customers going to Wuhan or China at the moment, because health is the top priority," he said. China's Civil Aviation Administration issued a notice Thursday instructing airlines and ticket agencies to provide free cancellations for passengers who purchased domestic flight tickets should they request them. The American airline industry is working closely with the CDC, US Customs and Border Protection and public health officials to stop the spread of the virus. On Thursday, a student at Texas A&M University in College Station traveled to Texas from Wuhan, China. The CDC has not ordered screening of passengers from the Chinese city at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) Airport at this time. But Brazos County health officials said the patient met the criteria for coronavirus testing and was isolated at home while precautionary testing by the CDC is being conducted. On Wednesday, an American Airlines passenger arriving at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) from Mexico City was met by LA firefighters and police upon arrival and taken to the hospital at the direction of the CDC and county health department. American Airlines flight 2546 landed at LAX about 6:45 pm Wednesday and a passenger had flulike symptoms, according to authorities. It was not clear when results of the medical evaluation would be available. Swabs and blood samples from the individual have been sent to the CDC in Atlanta, Georgia, for tests to determine if it is coronavirus. Separately Wednesday, nine passengers on a Cathay Pacific flight from Hong Kong to Boston, Massachusetts, were evaluated. None of the passengers had any symptoms, according to the Massachusetts Port Authority. Two passengers arriving at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport from Shanghai on Tuesday were stopped after appearing to exhibit symptoms of the virus. However, both were eventually cleared and released. In Alameda County, which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area, a number of patients are being tested to see whether they have contracted the Wuhan coronavirus, according to health officials. But a spokeswoman for the county health department said there's no confirmed case of the coronavirus at this time. On the same day the first US coronavirus case was confirmed this week, the CDC announced the expansion of the screening of passengers arriving from Wuhan to two more US airports: Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International and O'Hare. They are in addition to the three airports announced last week: Los Angeles International, San Francisco International and John F. Kennedy International in New York. The CDC said all travelers flying between Wuhan and the United States will be rerouted through one of five screener airports if they aren't already scheduled to fly there. "We will notify [if there are] policy changes with the epidemic development … and wish all citizens a happy Spring Festival," the statement said. In a statement provided to China Daily on Thursday, Delta Airlines said it's following the situation closely. "Delta is using situational flexibility to adjust travel for customers with connecting itineraries between the US and Wuhan, China. We are continuing to monitor travel conditions and make adjustments as warranted," the airline said.
WS5e2a7261a3101282172731ea	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2a7261a3101282172731ea.html	2020-01-24	'SARS fighter' expert leads emergency research on coronavirus	A patient receives treatment at the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan city, Central China's Hubei province on Jan 22, 2020. [Photo/chinanews.com] China on Friday launched emergency scientific research on the new coronavirus pneumonia disease, the Ministry of Science and Technology said. The first batch of eight emergency response research projects were initiated with the funding already in place. They are part of the technical response to the new coronavirus infection, with Wuhan in Central China's Hubei province as the epicenter of the virus outbreak. Zhong Nanshan, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and a prominent expert in respiratory diseases, will lead the research. Zhong is most well known for managing the SARS outbreak in 2003. The research will focus on tracing the source of the virus, as well as its transmission routes. Researchers will establish animal models to better understand the infection mechanism and study immunological detection methods to optimize a treatment plan for critically ill patients and develop antibodies and vaccines, the ministry said. The ministry also said they will work with relevant departments to fully organize and coordinate emergency response tasks. They will make full use of the existing research foundation and strengthen the research and development of medical diagnosis and treatment technologies to "provide scientific and technological support and resolutely curb the spread of the virus."
WS5e2a5cada3101282172731d0	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2a5cada3101282172731d0.html	2020-01-24	Confirmed coronavirus cases rise to 549 in Hubei province	Medical staff carry a box as they walk at the Jinyintan hospital, where the patients with pneumonia caused by the new strain of coronavirus are being treated, in Wuhan, Hubei province, Jan 10, 2020. [Photo/Agencies] The number of confirmed coronavirus-related pneumonia cases caused by a new virus in Central China's Hubei province rose to 549 as of Thursday midnight, including 24 deaths, provincial authorities said on Friday. In Wuhan, capital of the province and epicenter of the outbreak, 495 cases had been confirmed as of Thursday at midnight, and new cases were confirmed for the first time in four cities in the province, including Xiaogan and Xiantao. A total of 494 people in Hubei are still receiving treatment under quarantine in hospitals, including 23 in critical condition; 31 people have been cured and released from the hospital. Authorities in the province traced 3,653 close contacts of the patients and put them under medical observation on Thursday night, with 877 released.
WS5e2a5c1fa3101282172731cd	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e2a5c1fa3101282172731cd.html	2020-01-24	4 new coronavirus cases confirmed in Shanghai	Shanghai residents queue for purchasing face masks on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Gao Erqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Shanghai announced on Friday that four new coronavirus pneumonia cases were confirmed the previous day, taking the total confirmed cases in the city to 20 by midnight Thursday. The Shanghai Municipal Health Commission said on Friday morning that one of the new confirmed patients is in critical condition. He is 68 years old and suffers from chronic obstructive emphysema. The commission said that another 88-year-old man confirmed on Wednesday is still in critical condition and the other 18 patients are in stable condition. Altogether, 34 suspected patients are under medical observation in the city.
WS5e29da25a310128217273139	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e29da25a310128217273139.html	2020-01-24	Vietnam confirms first 2 novel coronavirus cases	HANOI - The first two cases of novel coronavirus in Vietnam have been reported in the country's southern Ho Chi Minh City on Thursday, Vietnam News Agency reported.
WS5e29cc46a310128217273133	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/24/WS5e29cc46a310128217273133.html	2020-01-24	In US, more precautions  taken against coronavirus	Zhang Hua, a Seattle resident who had witnessed the outbreak of the SARS virus in China in 2002, is not taking any chances with the latest public health threat, the coronavirus. Zhang, who was in China between November 2002 and July 2003 during the SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) outbreak, told China Daily that she ordered some masks online as soon as the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) confirmed the first coronavirus patient in the United States, Tuesday in Washington state. "My friends also started to order similar masks, as they want to get well prepared," Zhang said. The risk to the public in King County, Washington, where the first US coronavirus case was confirmed in a man on Tuesday, is considered low. Jeff Duchin, public health officer for Seattle and King County, said the assessment was made "given that there is only one case identified in Washington and the lack of evidence" of the virus spreading. "In addition, even in China there have been relatively few cases identified to date relative to the size of the population. "As a point of comparison, there have been a few hundred cases and less than a dozen deaths reported globally as of today, while in a typical flu season there are hundreds of thousands of hospitalizations and tens of thousands of deaths in the US alone," Duchin said in a letter released to the public Tuesday. Duchin said the severity of the illness will be determined over time as investigations provide additional information. "Most of the hundreds of people who have been infected have not had serious illness, although there have been several deaths," he said. There were 8,098 reported cases of SARS, resulting in 774 deaths reported in 37 countries, with the majority of cases in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong (9.6 percent fatality rate), according to the World Health Organization (WHO). In Los Angeles, a city with a large Chinese American population, the effect of the illness is evident in the precautionary steps people are taking. Upon a search on the website of the retail pharmacy store CVS, many of its branches in areas with a high concentration of Chinese, such as, Alhambra, San Gabriel and Temple City, reported that their facemasks are either "out of stock", or are in "low stock". In a notice posted Wednesday, the Chinese Consulate General in Los Angeles warned Chinese citizens living abroad to protect themselves against the virus. "The Consulate General in Los Angeles reminds Chinese citizens who travel to the United States to make reasonable arrangements based on their own health status," the notice said. "When entering the United States, fill and declare true and accurate health status, as well as travel and residential history; and cooperate with the US officials regarding quarantine measures," the notice said. It also asked citizens to contact the consulate general should they need assistance. On Tuesday, the CDC updated its interim travel health notice for people who may be traveling to Wuhan City, raising the advisory from Level 1, "practice usual precautions", to Level 2: "practice enhanced precautions". It also warned travelers that older adults with underlying health conditions may be at increased risk. The Longfellow Middle School in Falls Church, Virginia, canceled a one-week cultural exchange program with a student delegation from Wuhan that was scheduled to begin Wednesday. Twenty-one Chinese students who have just arrived in the US for the exchange program have had to reschedule their coming week. "Student and staff health and safety remain our first priority. While health officials believe the risk of illness transmission of the novel Coronavirus from these students is extremely low, we felt it necessary to make this adjustment," Principal Carole Kihm said in a letter to pupils and their families. Eleanor Chang, president of the American Asia Travel Center Inc, a company based in Monterey Park, California, said several of her clients who had plans to travel to China chose to travel to areas in the US instead. "It has definitely impacted our business here," she told China Daily. "The number of Chinese people who travel aboard is declining. The number of tourists who want to travel to China is also dropping." The illness has affected her employees as well. Not only have some decided against spending the upcoming Lunar New Year holiday in China, but some have begun wearing masks in the office.  "Many members of the Chinese American community are getting worried about this illness," she said. According to Business Traveler, several airlines are offering full refunds or free flight changes to or from Wuhan, including Air China, Capital Airlines and Cathay Pacific. Contact the writers at lindadeng@chinadailyusa.com
WS5e29b8fea310128217273124	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e29b8fea310128217273124.html	2020-01-23	Four people in Scotland are being tested for suspected coronavirus	Four people in Scotland are being tested on suspicion of contracting the novel coronavirus after travelling to the country from the city of Wuhan, which is at the center of the outbreak of the disease, the Guardian newspaper has reported. The news was confirmed by the head of infection medicine at the University of Edinburgh. If the tests come back positive for the disease, they will be the first confirmed cases in the United Kingdom. Speaking in Parliament earlier in the day, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said there was an increased likelihood of the virus reaching the country, but that the authorities were well prepared for that eventuality. The emergency committee of the World Health Organization is still in talks to decide whether or not the outbreak constitutes a public health emergency of international concern. Numerous travel restrictions have been put in place in China, and many Spring Festival events have been cancelled, in a bid to control the spread of the virus.
WS5e29a80ea310128217273110	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e29a80ea310128217273110.html	2020-01-23	Medical teams from across China join anti-coronavirus efforts	Shanghai residents queue for purchasing face masks on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Gao Erqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] More than 3,300 medics at Peking Union Medical College Hospital applied to participate in frontline efforts to combat the novel coronavirus within 24 hours of recruitment starting on Friday. The 3,306 applicants, including 1,042 doctors and 1,288 nurses, involved almost all staff members at the hospital, according to a press release published by the PUMCH. The new coronavirus has caused 830 confirmed cases of pneumonia in 29 provincial-level regions of China as of the end of Thursday. The first medical teams boarded a train from Shanghai to Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei province, and more medics across the country are expected to reinforce the city, locked down since Thursday (Jan 23) due to the spread of a new coronavirus. According to a notice from the Shanghai Health Commission, three medical teams, each consisting of 135 doctors and nurses, are being recruited across municipal hospitals, some district hospitals and the specialized hospitals on epidemics. The notice was posted by People's Daily on Sina Weibo, a Chinese microblog platform, with a photo showing the medics on a high-speed train and many respectful comments posted by netizens. Shanghai-based newspaper Wenhui Bao reported the first team has doctors from the city's most famous hospitals, including Zhongshan and Huashan Hospital. The report said Zhong Ming, deputy director of the intensive care unit at Zhongshan Hospital, has canceled his family's overseas travel plans and boarded the train with his colleagues. In Tongren Hospital, around 400 medical workers have signed up as volunteers to fight the virus in Wuhan, and doctors in Ruijin Hospital's respiratory department have all canceled their travel plans and gone on standby, according to the newspaper. Medical teams from the provinces of Sichuan and Jiangsu are also being summoned by local authorities, according to several online sources. Since the outbreak of the coronavirus in Wuhan, the epidemic has infected 571 people in Chinese mainland, and 17 patients have died. 393 suspected cases were reported as of midnight Jan 22, according to China's National Health Commission.
WS5e29a18ca310128217273106	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e29a18ca310128217273106.html	2020-01-23	Singapore identifies first novel coronavirus case: Reports	SINGAPORE -- A Chinese national has tested positive for novel coronavirus in Singapore, local media quoted the Ministry of Health as saying Thursday night.
WS5e299d3da3101282172730fb	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e299d3da3101282172730fb.html	2020-01-23	China tightens preventive measures to curb novel coronavirus	Medical staff of Union Hospital affiliated to Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology attend a ceremony to form a "assault team" in the fight against the pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, Jan 22, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING -- Chinese authorities have launched a series of preventive and control measures to curb the spreading of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia. Scientific research institutions quickly developed the reagent test kits, which sped up disease confirmation, after the outbreak of pneumonia. The National Health Commission (NHC) has issued a prevention and control plan, which has been continuously updated in accordance with the development of the pneumonia situation. The NHC also announced that the country would take preventive and control measures of category A infectious diseases to effectively fight against pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus. The Ministry of Finance and the National Healthcare Security Administration have jointly issued a circular to offer financial support for treating patients with such pneumonia. A leading workgroup has been established by the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine to organize hospitals of traditional Chinese medicine at all levels and of all kinds to coordinate in the control and prevention of pneumonia. It also encouraged experts of traditional Chinese medicine to participate in treatment, especially for severely-affected patients, as well as research on the disease. Wild animals that are likely to carry the novel coronavirus are banned from transshipment and sale, according to a plan jointly proposed by the State Administration for Market Regulation and other departments. In order to prevent medical staff from being infected, the NHC Thursday issued a technical guide on the prevention and control of infection caused by the novel coronavirus in medical institutions. The guide requires medical institutions to ensure sufficient supplies including isolation gowns and masks to protect medical staff, make reasonable work schedules for them, provide them with nutritious meals and monitor their health.
WS5e299a4ea3101282172730f2	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e299a4ea3101282172730f2.html	2020-01-23	Wuhan halts travel to contain coronavirus	Attendants pass the Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Zhou Guoqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] From 10 am Thursday all public transportation, including city buses, subways, ferries and long-distance coaches have been suspended, and outbound channels at airports and railway stations have also been closed until further notice. A worker sterilizes the square in front of Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Zhou Guoqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] Two armed policemen stand at the gate of Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo by Zhou Guoqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] A passenger sits on a luggage bag at Wuhan Tianhe International Airport in Central China's Hubei province on Jan 23, 2020. [Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn] Several passengers stand in front of Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan. [Photo by Jin Siliu/chinadaily.com.cn] Foreign passengers pass the Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan. [Photo by Zhou Guoqiang/chinadaily.com.cn] A medical worker tests temperatures of people in vehicles at Fuhe Toll Gate on a highway linking to Wuhan Tianhe International Airport. [Photo by Yuan Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn] Traffic police guide vehicles at the closed Fuhe Toll Gate. [Photo by Yuan Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]
WS5e29816fa3101282172730c3	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e29816fa3101282172730c3.html	2020-01-23	Hong Kong confirms 2 cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia	HONG KONG -- The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government on Thursday confirmed two cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia in Hong Kong. The clinical samples of a traveler from Wuhan and a local resident were confirmed positive for novel coronavirus on Thursday after tests, a spokesperson of the Department of Health of the HKSAR government told Xinhua.
WS5e297905a3101282172730b3	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e297905a3101282172730b3.html	2020-01-23	Hundreds of flights canceled in Wuhan amid efforts to curb novel coronavirus	BEIJING -- Hundreds of flights from or to Wuhan had been canceled as of Thursday noon, after Wuhan, the center of a pneumonia outbreak in China, rolled out a slew of unprecedented measures to curb the spread of the deadly novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). A total of 566 flights were scheduled to leave or arrive in Wuhan on Thursday, but 288 of them had been canceled as of 11:30 am, said the Civil Aviation Administration of China. From 10:00 am Thursday, all public transportation, including city buses, subways, ferries and long-distance coaches have been suspended, and outbound channels at airports and railway stations have also been closed until further notice. The CAAC advised airlines operating flights from or to Wuhan to pay close attention to the development of the pneumonia outbreak and adjust their flight plans accordingly. As of 8:00 pm Wednesday, a total of 444 cases of novel coronavirus-related pneumonia and 17 deaths had been reported in Hubei Province, where Wuhan is located, according to local authorities. Nationwide, a total of 17 people have died and 571 cases confirmed in 25 provincial-level regions by the end of Wednesday. The deaths, all in Hubei, were those aged between 48 and 89.
WS5e296f7fa31012821727309f	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e296f7fa31012821727309f.html	2020-01-23	China to supervise treatment of medical waste from fighting novel coronavirus	Medical workers at Tongji University help patients in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Tao Jidong/chinadaily.com.cn] BEIJING - China's environmental watchdog has urged local authorities to properly supervise and manage the treatment of medical waste produced in fighting the deadly novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). The collection, transportation, storage and disposal of medical waste related to the outbreak of pneumonia caused by the virus should be handled properly, said the Ministry of Ecology and Environment on Thursday. The ministry also urged local environmental departments to deepen cooperation with public health departments to prevent and control the pneumonia outbreak.
WS5e296b3fa31012821727309e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e296b3fa31012821727309e.html	2020-01-23	Global ties vital to fight coronavirus	None
WS5e296b19a31012821727309d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e296b19a31012821727309d.html	2020-01-23	New coronavirus cases rise to 571 in Chinese mainland	None
WS5e292550a31012821727300e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e292550a31012821727300e.html	2020-01-23	Two likely coronavirus cases reported in HK	Hong Kong reported two highly suspected cases of novel coronavirus that caused the pneumonic epidemic outbreak in Wuhan on Wednesday. The infections came after its neighboring cities -- Macao and Shenzhen -- were both found to have confirmed cases of infections earlier.
WS5e290bbba310128217272fe1	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e290bbba310128217272fe1.html	2020-01-23	Macao confirms 2nd novel coronavirus case	MACAO - The second case of novel coronavirus has been reported in Macao's hospital, the special administrative region (SAR)'s health service announced on Thursday morning. A 66-year-old man traveling from Wuhan of Central China was sent to Centro Hospitalar Conde de Sao Januario Wednesday afternoon, after the health authorities in the Border Gate checkpoint found he had a fever, with his body temperature reaching 38.7 degrees centigrade. He was tested positive with novel coronavirus in the hospital and has been quarantined for medical treatment. His four family members traveling with him have also been quarantined for medical observation.
37533160	http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/m/shanghai/jiading/2020-01/23/content_37533160.htm	2020-01-23	Coronavirus cases in Shanghai increase to 16	Shanghai announced on Thursday that seven new coronavirus-related pneumonia cases were confirmed the previous day, increasing the total confirmed cases in the city to 16 by midnight Wednesday. The Shanghai Municipal Health Commission said on Thursday morning that all of the new confirmed patients traveled to Wuhan, Hubei province, or had close contact with people who had traveled there recently. They have been quarantined for medical treatment at designated local hospitals. An 88-year-old man with chronic diseases in his heart and lungs is in critical condition, and all other patients are in stable condition currently. The commission said that those who had close contact with the confirmed patients as well as 22 suspected patients are under medical observation. To prevent catching the infection, here's what you can do:  
WS5e28f9b2a310128217272ee4	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e28f9b2a310128217272ee4.html	2020-01-23	UK government issues coronavirus measures	[Photo by Jin Ding/China Daily] Risk of contracting illness 'remains low' but steps taken as a precaution The British government has announced it is introducing special measures for flights arriving from Wuhan in a bid to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus that has broken out in the region. Authorities in China have advised against travel in and out of the city, but with Chinese New Year leading to a huge increase in travel, both domestically and internationally, there is an increased likelihood of the virus, which has so far been found in 440 people and claimed 17 lives, being spread beyond the initial hot spot. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said Public Health England had raised the risk status from very low to low, but as a precaution aircraft from Wuhan arriving at London's Heathrow Airport would land in an isolated part of Terminal 4, and passengers would be met by a health team who could check for symptoms and offer advice. "The flights that come in from the affected region will now be given extra attention," he added. A Heathrow spokesman said the airport would "support the implementation of the measures," adding: "we would like to reassure passengers that the government assesses the risk of a traveler contracting coronavirus to be low." So far there have been only a handful of confirmed cases outside China, including some in Japan and the United States, but none in the United Kingdom. One of the most common international destinations for travelers from Wuhan is Thailand, where a British traveler with a lung infection is suspected of having picked up the bug. Josie Golding from health education charity the Wellcome Trust said the outbreak reminded people of the 2002 outbreak in China of the severe acute respiratory syndrome, or Sars, which affected more than 8,000 people, killing 774 of them. "There is a strong memory of Sars, that's where a lot of fear comes from, but we're a lot more prepared to deal with those types of diseases," she told the BBC. As a safety precaution, cabin staff on Cathay Pacific flights have been given permission to wear surgical masks when on duty, having initially been refused when they requested to do so. Worries over the impact of the virus has also had a financial impact on share prices in Europe, particularly in companies linked to China. On the pan-European STOXX 600 exchange, shares in long-haul flight operators Air France, Lufthansa and IAG, the owner of British Airways, all suffered because of concern at how the virus might affect people's travel plans for Chinese New Year. Similarly, luxury brands popular in China such as Burberry and LVMH also too a knock.
WS5e28b012a310128217272dc2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e28b012a310128217272dc2.html	2020-01-23	WHO postpones global health emergency designation for novel coronavirus	Pedestrians in Hong Kong don surgical masks to guard themselves against a pneumonia outbreak first reported in Wuhan, Jan 8, 2020. [Calvin Ng/China Daily] The World Health Organization Emergency Committee said it needs more evidence to decide whether the novel coronavirus in the Chinese city Wuhan is a "public health emergency of international concern" and agreed to reconvene Thursday. The briefing came after the Emergency Committee had a long discussion, but decided more evidence was needed to determine the status of the outbreak. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO director-general, said: "There was an excellent discussion during the committee today, but it was also clear that to proceed, we need more information. "The decision about whether or not to declare a public health emergency of international concern is one I take extremely seriously, and one I am only prepared to make with appropriate consideration of all the evidence," Ghebreyesus said. "There is evidence of person-to-person transmission among close contacts such as in families or in healthcare settings. This is not unexpected with a respiratory disease. We have not seen any evidence of onward transmission such as third-, fourth-generation transmission," said Maria Van Kerkhove, the committee's adviser. She revealed that the 2019-nCoV is a new virus. "Identification and sequencing were done quickly, but most importantly, the sequence was shared quickly. That's what allowed Thailand, Japan, Republic of Korea to identify cases quickly," she said. The WHO has a team in China working with local experts and officials to investigate the outbreak. Ghebreyesus said he was very impressed by the detail and depth of China's presentation and said the transparency and cooperation by China were "very commendable". Shortly before the briefing, Wuhan announced a halt in all city transportation, including local buses, ferries, long-distance coaches and subways. The local authority advised residents not to leave Wuhan unless they have a "special reason".
WS5e28752aa310128217272d9e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e28752aa310128217272d9e.html	2020-01-23	Vice-Premier calls for strong measures to curb coronavirus	A medical worker at Tongji University helps patients in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Tao Jidong/chinadaily.com.cn] Vice-Premier Sun Chunlan on Wednesday called for stricter measures to curb the new coronavirus from further spreading during an inspection to Wuhan, Hubei province. She said the prevention and control measures in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak, is crucial to the entire prevention and control work, and required officials in Hubei, particularly Wuhan, to shoulder responsibilities and adopt the strictest measures. She asked for the utmost efforts to treat the sick, better protection of medical workers, sufficient supply of medical materials and timely disclosure of information.
WS5e28e440a310a2fabb7a1bf5	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/23/WS5e28e440a310a2fabb7a1bf5.html	2020-01-23	Hope for the best, prepare for the worst to control coronavirus epidemic	That the number of people infected with the new coronavirus nationwide rose to 440 on Tuesday midnight from 291 the previous day speaks volumes about how serious the situation is. On Wednesday alone, the death toll in Hubei province increased from nine to 17. It is imperative that the country bring the epidemic under control. No matter how transparent the daily reports of the central government department are about the number of cases, there will likely be those who have been infected but are yet to be identified. This makes it very probable that more people have been infected than are yet known. And there is no knowing about whether the new virus will mutate during transmission, which will likely make it acuter and more infectious. As a result, the country is facing a critical challenge to effectively bring the spread of the new virus under control. It is therefore exigent that the National Health Commission and its local counterparts spare no efforts in mobilizing as many resources as possible to contain the spread of the virus. They should always err on the side of caution and not take any chances. First of all, as it is clear that Wuhan, the capital city of Central China's Hubei province, is where the new virus was first identified and where there is the largest cluster of infected people, it is vital to strictly screen people traveling from the city to the rest of the country and elsewhere. Compulsory quarantine measures must be adopted to ensure those who have had close contact with those infected in the city and elsewhere spread the virus to as few people as possible. If necessary, travel from the city should be prohibited. The travel rush for Spring Festival poses a serious threat to the efforts to control the spread of the virus. With hundreds of millions of people on the move, governments and departments at all levels must remain vigilant. Public transport must be disinfected at least on a daily basis, since this proved to be effective during the fight against the transmission of the coronavirus responsible for the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome in 2003. The screening of travelers for high-speed trains and airlines should also be strictly carried out. Those who have a fever should not be allowed to travel. Those who travel should wear masks. The more people who wear masks, the less opportunities there are for the virus to be transmitted from one person to another. This also proved to be effective in the 2003 fight against SARS. If possible, masks should be provided to those travelers who do not have one. Preventive measures work, which has been verified in the fight against SARS in 2003. While hoping for the best, we need to ensure we are making every effort to prevent the worst.  
WS5e2870f7a310128217272d9c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e2870f7a310128217272d9c.html	2020-01-22	UK to monitor Chinese flights to prevent spread of the new coronavirus	On Wednesday, UK Department of Health confirmed that there would be a health team to meet each direct flight from Chinese city Wuhan to check for symptoms of coronavirus. At the moment, the risk to the UK population is low and according to Public Health England, there are no confirmed infections yet.
WS5e2869a7a310128217272d8e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e2869a7a310128217272d8e.html	2020-01-22	US confirms first case of coronavirus	Passengers go through customs at Wuhan Tianhe International Airport, in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Nov 18, 2019. [Photo/Xinhua] The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) confirmed Tuesday that a Washington state resident is the first confirmed US case of a novel coronavirus, a respiratory ailment that has killed nine people in Asia and sickened more than 400. When the infected man who is in his 30s traveled from Wuhan to the Seattle-Tacoma airport on Jan 15, he didn't have symptoms, The Seattle Times reported. But on Sunday, he went to his doctor at a clinic in Snohomish County with pneumonia symptoms. Specimens were collected and sent to the CDC for testing. The result was positive for coronavirus, and the patient was isolated and under observation at Providence Regional Medical Center Everett. The patient is in good condition now and isn't considered a contagious threat to medical staff or the public, according to local media. The virus, which was first identified last month in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, has so far infected 440 people in an outbreak including Japan, Thailand, South Korea and Taiwan. According to webmd.com, coronaviruses were first identified in the 1960s and get their name from their crownlike shape. (Corona is Spanish for crown.) Most coronaviruses are spread in a fashion similar to cold-causing viruses, through coughing and sneezing by those infected; by touching an infected person's hands or face; or by touching things such as doorknobs that infected people have touched, webmd.com says. If the virus spreads to the lower respiratory tract, there is a risk of pneumonia. Officials are compiling a list of people whom the Washington state patient may have had contact with since his return to the United States. The virus can spread from person to person, but not nearly as easily as viruses such as measles or influenza. "As our team of experts partner with infectious disease specialists locally, nationally and around the globe to learn more about the 2019 novel coronavirus, our first priority remains public safety," said Washington State Secretary of Health John Wiesman. "We believe the risk to the public is low ... and we will continue to communicate with the CDC, Snohomish County and the public." The CDC also announced Tuesday that it will expand screenings for passengers flying directly or indirectly from Wuhan to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and Chicago O'Hare International Airport. On Jan 17, the CDC began screening passengers arriving from Wuhan to John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York (JFK), followed by San Francisco International Airport (SFO) and Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). JFK and SFO are the only US airports with nonstop flights from Wuhan. Los Angeles was included because it receives a lot of connecting passengers. San Francisco has three nonstop flights from Wuhan, on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. During the past 12 months, an average of 150 passengers arrived on those nonstop flights. The airport also expects about 10 to 25 connecting passengers at SFO per day to be subject to screening. Judy Zhu, a multimedia reporter for China Daily in New York, said she traveled from Beijing to New York over the weekend, arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport at 4 am Sunday. "It was my fourth time landing at JFK, and I felt the Customs process took much longer than usual," she said. "There was an insanely long line for international travelers to get into customs. All the passengers from my flight, mostly Chinese, were asked whether we had been to Wuhan recently. "A Chinese woman in front didn't speak English," Zhu said. "The officer asked for a Mandarin translator to make sure she answered the question." Zhu said that some Chinese passengers' names were called out by officers, and they were taken to another room for further inspection. "I didn't know whether that was related to the coronavirus breakout or not," she said. "It took me almost three hours to get through Customs, and I finally got out of the airport by 7 am." Heath Montgomery, spokesperson for the Los Angeles airport, said the screening started on Saturday, and it's taking place in the federal immigration facility at the Tom Bradley International Terminal (the primary international arrivals terminal), an area controlled by US Customs and Border Protection. "We have 14 different markets that we have nonstop services to in China, Wuhan is not one of the nonstops, but we do have a substantial amount of people who travel between Wuhan and LAX on an annual basis. It's around 22,000 to 23,000 people a year that are actually traveling between Wuhan and LAX, indirectly," Montgomery said. "I know that Chinese New Year (Saturday, Jan 25) is a big holiday, and we certainly do see increased travel globally during different holidays." Vivian Miao of Shanghai, who was visiting her son in LA, said she did not notice any screening as she entered US Customs at LAX. However, the staff at the Shanghai airport took passengers' temperatures before they boarded the flight to LA. "Many Chinese people on our flight wore masks as a precaution," she said, adding that masks were nearly sold out in many stores in China recently because of the disease. Jessica Zheng, who was also on the Shanghai flight, said she believed that the airport staff screened only people who were traveling from Wuhan, but because Shanghai is not the epicenter of the new coronavirus, they did not undergo screening at the airport. A Chinese family that arrived at LAX on Tuesday after a connecting flight from Hong Kong said that they read about the screenings during the flight, but didn't undergo them at the airport. "The flight was smooth, and not many people back home seem so worried about the virus," the mother of the family, who gave only her last name, Ma, told China Daily. Liu Yinmeng in Los Angeles and Lia Zhu in San Francisco contributed to this story.
WS5e2851baa310128217272d81	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e2851baa310128217272d81.html	2020-01-22	China offers fiscal support for treating novel coronavirus-caused pneumonia	Medical workers at Tongji University help patients in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Tao Jidong/chinadaily.com.cn] BEIJING - Chinese authorities have decided to offer financial support for treating patients with pneumonia caused by novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Medical care for such patients must not be compromised due to payment issues, according to a notice released by the Ministry of Finance and the National Healthcare Security Administration. Financial support will be offered to patients after payments by medical insurance and assistance programs, while those who are treated outside of their place of residence will not be limited by existing reimbursement policies. Expenses from medicines and medical services needed for treating the pneumonia will be temporarily covered by medical insurance funds. Medical insurance departments will pay for expenses incurred in the treatment of the disease in advance to lessen financial pressures on hospitals, the notice said.
WS5e2848f6a310128217272d7b	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e2848f6a310128217272d7b.html	2020-01-22	Initial test shows Wuhan tourist in HK has new coronavirus	Pedestrians in Hong Kong don surgical masks to guard themselves against a pneumonia outbreak first reported in Wuhan, Jan 8, 2020. [Calvin Ng/China Daily] The Hong Kong government confirmed on Wednesday that an initial test shows that a male tourist from Wuhan has tested positive for the new coronavirus that is responsible for the outbreak of the pneumonia-like disease in the central Chinese city. Further tests are needed to confirm whether the case is the city’s first case of the disease, Secretary for Food and Health Sophia Chan Siu-chee said. The test result will come out tomorrow. The man was first sent to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Kowloon central cluster for the first checkup and then was transferred to Princess Margaret Hospital, site of the city’s sole infectious diseases center, for treatment and quarantine. The center admitted one-third of the city’s confirmed SARS patients in 2003. According to the government, the 39-year-old man was found to have a fever at the West Kowloon checkpoint after disembarking from a high-speed train from Shenzhen on Tuesday evening. He was in Wuhan before coming to Hong Kong with family members. Local media reported a similar infection late Wednesday, citing the case of a local resident whose preliminary test result also came positive for the virus. The 56-year-old was reported to have exhibited symptoms of a fever since Saturday during his trip to Wuhan from Jan 10 to Sunday. The man is said to have been transferred to Princess Margaret Hospital from Prince of Wales Hospital for further examination. The Hospital Authority said it had no knowledge of the case in response to inquiry by China Daily, while a phone call to the Centre for Health Protection went unanswered. Meanwhile, the Macao government on Wednesday morning announced its first confirmed case of the Wuhan coronavirus. Macao officials said a 52-year-old woman from Wuhan - the capital of Central China’s Hubei province - passed the infrared ray temperature check at port. She sought medical treatment for a sore throat after spending two days in a casino.
WS5e2842dca310128217272d71	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e2842dca310128217272d71.html	2020-01-22	Hope for the best, prepare for the worst to control coronavirus epidemic: China Daily editorial	A medical worker at Tongji University helps patients in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province. [Photo by Tao Jidong/chinadaily.com.cn] That the number of people infected with the new coronavirus nationwide rose to 440 on Wednesday from 291 the previous day speaks volumes about how serious the situation is. With the death toll having increased from six to nine, it is imperative that the country bring the epidemic under control. No matter how transparent the daily reports of the central government department are about the number of cases, there will likely be those who have been infected but are yet to be identified. This makes it very probable that more people have been infected than are yet known. And there is no knowing about whether the new virus will mutate during transmission, which will likely make it acuter and more infectious. As a result, the country is facing a critical challenge to effectively bring the spread of the new virus under control. It is therefore exigent that the National Health Commission and its local counterparts spare no efforts in mobilizing as many resources as possible to contain the spread of the virus. They should always err on the side of caution and not take any chances. First of all, as it is clear that Wuhan, the capital city of Central China's Hubei province, is where the new virus was first identified and where there is the largest cluster of infected people, it is vital to strictly screen people traveling from the city to the rest of the country and elsewhere. Compulsory quarantine measures must be adopted to ensure those who have had close contact with those infected in the city and elsewhere spread the virus to as few people as possible. If necessary, travel from the city should be prohibited. The travel rush for Spring Festival poses a serious threat to the efforts to control the spread of the virus. With hundreds of millions of people on the move, governments and departments at all levels must remain vigilant. Public transport must be disinfected at least on a daily basis, since this proved to be effective during the fight against the transmission of the coronavirus responsible for the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome in 2003. The screening of travelers for high-speed trains and airlines should also be strictly carried out. Those who have a fever should not be allowed to travel. Those who travel should wear masks. The more people who wear masks, the less opportunities there are for the virus to be transmitted from one person to another. This also proved to be effective in the 2003 fight against SARS. If possible, masks should be provided to those travelers who do not have one. Preventive measures work, which has been verified in the fight against SARS in 2003. While hoping for the best, we need to ensure we are making every effort to prevent the worst.
WS5e2838c5a310128217272d66	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e2838c5a310128217272d66.html	2020-01-22	China orders schools to make emergency plans for new coronavirus pneumonia	BEIJING - China's Ministry of Education (MOE) has urged schools across the country to make emergency plans for pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Educational administrations in epidemic areas should make plans for teachers and students to return to school according to the epidemic situation, said a guideline issued by the MOE Tuesday. It also called for focusing on the epidemic prevention and control of schools in poor areas, rural areas, remote areas and other areas with fewer medical resources. "Local authorities and schools should not hold mass gatherings unless necessary during the Spring Festival and winter vacation," the guideline said. It also stressed that all-around improvements of schools' sanitary conditions should be made for the prevention and control of the new coronavirus-related pneumonia and other infectious diseases before the new semester starts.
WS5e283224a310128217272d5e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e283224a310128217272d5e.html	2020-01-22	Beijing convenes leading group to handle coronavirus	People are seen wearing masks at Beijing Railway Station on Jan 21, 2020. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] Beijing authorities on Wednesday established a leading group for the prevention and control of coronavirus pneumonia outbreaks. Seven separate groups were set up under the leading group in the capital according to Beijing Daily, to launch a joint prevention and control mechanism. Daily meetings will be convened to probe the current situation of the epidemic and make plans for the future. Supervision and inspection checks have been conducted in medical institutions in Beijing, including designated hospitals and comprehensive training for medical staff. According to the IATA airline database, Beijing topped the list of destinations for flights that took off from Wuhan Tianhe International Airport in Central China's Hubei province during the period of Dec 30 to Jan 20, while Haikou, capital city of Hainan province, ranked fourth. China's southernmost Hainan province confirmed four new pneumonia cases Wednesday afternoon, and patients are currently in stable condition according to Hainan provincial health authorities. As a tropical tourist destination, Hainan province usually attracts a large number of visitors during the Spring Festival holiday.
WS5e27e272a310128217272c7d	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e27e272a310128217272c7d.html	2020-01-22	Bats likely origin of new coronavirus, says study	[Jin Ding/China Daily] The new coronavirus in the ongoing outbreak in Wuhan, Hubei province, is likely to have originated from bats, and is genetically more identical to severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, than the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS, according to a study published online on Tuesday. However, the new virus is neither SARS nor MERS, but a relative that belongs to a different class called the betacoronavirus, a single-strand RNA virus that can infect wild animals, livestock and humans. The new virus may have originated from bats like SARS, but there might be more intermediate hosts between bats and humans, according to the study. The paper was published by the journal of Science China Life Sciences by researchers from the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Beijing Institute of Pharmacology and Toxicology, and Guangzhou Medical University. The researchers also found that the new virus may share a similar transmission mechanism with that of SARS, which is infecting cells of the respiratory tract. However, the paper suggests the infectiousness of the new virus might be lower than SARS and its structure is easier to break apart due to some of its genetic features. A Beijing expert in the sector who requested anonymity said the paper's model was based on test examples from the early period of the outbreak, and mutations can occur that may lead to different results. "The purpose of the paper is not to give a definitive answer on what the new virus is, but rather to offer a direction and basic groundwork for the international scientific community to look deeper into the pathogen," he said. "It is still too early to say how deadly or contagious the new virus is, and we should not let fear and speculations get in the way of our understanding of the situation."
WS5e27e1c0a310128217272c78	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e27e1c0a310128217272c78.html	2020-01-22	Coronavirus a serious health threat	Pedestrians in Hong Kong don surgical masks to guard themselves against a pneumonia outbreak first reported in Wuhan, Jan 8, 2020. [Calvin Ng/China Daily] Happy expectations for the weeklong Chinese New Year holiday have been dampened by a new viral infection spreading rapidly in China and other countries. Since late 2019, people from Wuhan had been infected with a viral form of pneumonia whose cause was yet unknown. Now the virus has been identified as a new type of coronavirus. Two other types of coronaviruses are SARS and MERS. The new virus is rapidly spreading across many countries, raising concerns about the possibility of a new epidemic like the one involving severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, which killed several hundred people in 2002 and 2003. As of now, people infected with this new virus have been found in China, Japan, Thailand and South Korea. On Jan 21, 2020, the first case was reported in the United States, in a man returning to the US from a trip to Wuhan. Some coronaviruses, first identified in humans in the mid-1960s, cause the common cold, while others have been found in bats, camels and other animals, and can cause severe illness leading to death. SARS emerged as a new coronavirus in 2002, infecting people in southern China. Fortunately, no new cases of SARS have been reported since 2004. The MERS (Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome) virus, which is believed to originally have been transmitted to humans from dromedary camels, seems to be passed less easily than SARS from human to human. People infected with the coronavirus originally found in Wuhan suffer from coughing, fever and severe breathing difficulties. Although some antiviral drugs may lessen the severity of the symptoms, antibiotics do not have any effect. The recovery of those affected will depend on the strength of their immune system, which is already weakened in those who are very old and already sick. The World Health Organization (WHO) has recommended screening aggressively for the newly found virus. Chinese leaders urged public health officials to urgently take appropriate measures for controlling the spread of the infection. Both Chinese health officials and the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) are closely monitoring the situation, although they admitted that there is "much more to learn" about how the virus is transmitted. In the meantime, China's health commission has indicated that the government will respond with measures appropriate to manage outbreaks of the most virulent diseases, including mandatory reporting of cases. This is particularly important to be able to follow the course of the disease and to concentrate efforts in the most critical areas. Residents of Wuhan should be encouraged to cancel plans to go out to restaurants for New Year celebrations, and avoid close places like movie theaters and shopping markets. It’s not bad to wear masks while joining friends to chat or play cards. Because there is no effective vaccine to protect against this disease, controlling it relies on prompt identification, management and isolation of possible cases, personal protective measures, and the investigation of close contacts of those infected to minimize potential transmission. No efforts should be spared to control this disease. The author is an international health consultant. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily represent the views of China Daily and China Daily website.
WS5e27c0a5a310128217272c5c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e27c0a5a310128217272c5c.html	2020-01-22	Leading health expert may infected with new coronavirus	Wang Guangfa, a leading health expert who was researching the ongoing pneumonia outbreak, is suspected of contracting the potentially fatal disease. Wang, head of the Department of Pulmonary Medicine at Beijing's Peking University First Hospital, is suspected of contracting the new coronavirus and has received quarantine treatment, CCTV reported on Tuesday, citing the hospital. Wang was among the experts led by the National Health Commission who visited Wuhan, Hubei province, on Dec 31, the epicenter of the pneumonia outbreak. Wang was also one of the leading experts conducting research on severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, in 2003.
WS5e27be5ea310128217272c4a	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e27be5ea310128217272c4a.html	2020-01-22	Macao confirms first novel coronavirus case	MACAO - The Novel Coronavirus Response and Coordination Center of China's Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR) government said on Wednesday that the first case of novel coronavirus has been reported in a local hospital. A 52-year-old woman traveling from Wuhan in Central China was diagnosed with the disease by Macao's Centro Hospitalar Conde de Sao Januario on Tuesday afternoon and has been quarantined and treated in the hospital. The patient had taken a high-speed train to Zhuhai of Guangdong province and arrived in Macao through the Border Gate on Sunday, and checked into a hotel in Macao. She had a sore throat and a cough for about a week before she went to the hospital by herself at 6 pm local time (1000 GMT) on Tuesday. The patient began to develop a fever without any breathing difficulties after she has been quarantined in the hospital. Before going to the hospital, she had remained in the hotel and the casino for the most of the time and had gone out for meals. There have been three people in close contact with her in Macao, and they were under quarantine observation for 14 days, the center added. All their rooms, including the one of the patient, were disinfected soon after. The SAR government's Health Bureau Director Lei Chin Ion said the confirmed patient would not been highly contagious, but it still needs the medical observation result of the people in close contact with her. Chinese health authorities said Wednesday that over 440 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) had been reported in 13 provincial-level regions in the country by Tuesday. Overseas, one case has been confirmed in Japan, three in Thailand, one in South Korea and one in the United States.
WS5e2758d2a3101282172729a2	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e2758d2a3101282172729a2.html	2020-01-22	1st case of novel coronavirus reported in US	WASHINGTON - The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced on Tuesday that the first case of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has been reported in the United States. A man in his 30s traveling from Wuhan of central China to Washington state on Jan. 15 was diagnosed with pneumonia. A clinical specimen was collected and sent to CDC overnight, and lab testing confirmed on Monday that it was caused by the new coronavirus. CDC officials said at a telebriefing that the man hospitalized at a hospital outside Seattle was "in good condition," posing little risk of infecting others. The CDC has started an investigation into the new case, including potentially tracing close contacts to determine if anyone else has become ill. The case was detected prior to the implementation of screening at three US airports last Friday, according to CDC. The CDC and the US Department of Homeland Security implemented enhanced health screenings starting on Jan. 17 at San Francisco, New York and Los Angeles airports to detect ill travelers on direct or connecting flights from Wuhan. The CDC also activated an emergency operation center to provide ongoing support to the disease response and intensified its collaborations with health authorities of other countries. The CDC said in a press release that limited person-to-person spread is happening but it's unclear how easily this virus is spreading between people. Chinese health authorities said Tuesday that 291 confirmed cases of new coronavirus-related pneumonia and 54 suspected cases had been reported in the country by the end of Monday.
WS5e278b45a310a2fabb7a1b57	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/22/WS5e278b45a310a2fabb7a1b57.html	2020-01-22	Transparency and cooperation are crucial to contain new coronavirus	On Tuesday, Chinese health authorities confirmed the sixth death from the coronavirus which shares genetic similarities with the one responsible for severe acute respiratory syndrome, and revealed that 15 medical workers in Wuhan had been infected, with one in a critical condition. The number of people known to be infected continues to rise with new cases still being reported. With the head of the Chinese government expert team saying on Monday that human-to-human transmission has been confirmed and the Spring Festival travel rush under way, in which hundreds of millions of people will be crisscrossing the country and traveling overseas for the holiday, it is widely expected that more cases, and even deaths, will be reported in the days to come. While the handling of the new SARS-like virus by local health officials in Wuhan, Hubei province, when it was first discovered last month, will come under scrutiny, that the virus was identified as a novel strain in just two weeks shows the marked progress the country has made in its ability to manage an epidemic compared with 17 years ago. The new coronavirus has already been classified in the same category as the SARS outbreak, meaning compulsory isolation for those diagnosed with the disease and the potential to implement quarantine measures on travel, which shows that the authorities are prepared and resolved to safeguard people's health. The World Health Organization has so far given a thumbs-up to Chinese efforts. It said earlier this month that it was "reassured of the quality of the ongoing investigations and the response measures implemented in Wuhan, as well as the commitment to share information regularly". And this commitment was reinforced by President Xi Jinping on Monday, when he stressed that information on the epidemic should be released in a timely manner and international cooperation strengthened. The coronavirus has so far spread to three other Asian countries, which indicates the urgency for medical scientists all over the world to work together against the common threat to human health. Epidemics know no borders and a local disease could easily morph into a global crisis, which is why the WHO is holding an emergency committee meeting on Wednesday to decide whether to declare an international public health emergency. The speed of response is testimony to improved global preparedness for such epidemics. Now concerted efforts based on the experience accumulated by Chinese health experts and their foreign counterparts during the joint fights against such epidemics as SARS, swine flu and avian flu are needed to win the fight against the latest health hazard.  
WS5e26fe25a310128217272988	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/21/WS5e26fe25a310128217272988.html	2020-01-21	One case of novel coronavirus-related pneumonia confirmed in Taiwan	TAIPEI -- A woman who returned from Wuhan of Central China to Taiwan was confirmed to be infected by the novel coronavirus that caused pneumonia, the island's epidemic monitoring agency said Tuesday. The woman in her 50s traveled from Wuhan to Taiwan by air Monday and was sent to hospital by the airport staff for having symptoms of fever, cough and tachypnea before the infection was confirmed Tuesday, the agency said at a press conference. The patient has received treatment in an isolation ward, it added. The agency urged the public to stay calm since the patient was sent to hospital and quarantined shortly after her landing and made few contacts with the local population. A total of 46 people who had contacts with the patient aboard the plane are being closely monitored, the agency said. The authorities have raised the level of travel alert to Wuhan and suggested that the public avoid visiting the city unless it is necessary.
WS5e26ef08a31012821727297f	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/21/WS5e26ef08a31012821727297f.html	2020-01-21	Transparency and cooperation are crucial to contain new coronavirus: China Daily editorial	People are seen wearing masks at Beijing Railway Station on Jan 21, 2020. As of 6 pm on Tuesday, there have been five cases of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) infection in Beijing. [Photo by Zou Hong/chinadaily.com.cn] On Tuesday, Chinese health authorities confirmed the sixth death from the coronavirus which shares genetic similarities with the one responsible for severe acute respiratory syndrome, and revealed that 15 medical workers in Wuhan had been infected, with one in a critical condition. The number of people known to be infected continues to rise with new cases still being reported. With the head of the Chinese government expert team saying on Monday that human-to-human transmission has been confirmed and the Spring Festival travel rush under way, in which hundreds of millions of people will be crisscrossing the country and traveling overseas for the holiday, it is widely expected that more cases, and even deaths, will be reported in the days to come. While the handling of the new SARS-like virus by local health officials in Wuhan, Hubei province, when it was first discovered last month, will come under scrutiny, that the virus was identified as a novel strain in just two weeks shows the marked progress the country has made in its ability to manage an epidemic compared with 17 years ago. The new coronavirus has already been classified in the same category as the SARS outbreak, meaning compulsory isolation for those diagnosed with the disease and the potential to implement quarantine measures on travel, which shows that the authorities are prepared and resolved to safeguard people's health. The World Health Organization has so far given a thumbs-up to Chinese efforts. It said earlier this month that it was "reassured of the quality of the ongoing investigations and the response measures implemented in Wuhan, as well as the commitment to share information regularly". And this commitment was reinforced by President Xi Jinping on Monday, when he stressed that information on the epidemic should be released in a timely manner and international cooperation strengthened. The coronavirus has so far spread to three other Asian countries, which indicates the urgency for medical scientists all over the world to work together against the common threat to human health. Epidemics know no borders and a local disease could easily morph into a global crisis, which is why the WHO is holding an emergency committee meeting on Wednesday to decide whether to declare an international public health emergency. The speed of response is testimony to improved global preparedness for such epidemics. Now concerted efforts based on the experience accumulated by Chinese health experts and their foreign counterparts during the joint fights against such epidemics as SARS, swine flu and avian flu are needed to win the fight against the latest health hazard.
WS5e26bd99a31012821727292c	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/21/WS5e26bd99a31012821727292c.html	2020-01-21	Coronavirus pneumonia	None
WS5e26083ea310128217272573	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/21/WS5e26083ea310128217272573.html	2020-01-21	15 Chinese medical workers confirmed infected with coronavirus	WUHAN -- Fifteen medical workers in central Chinese city of Wuhan have been diagnosed with pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), plus one suspected case, the municipal health commission reported early Tuesday morning. One of the 16 patients is in critical condition while the rest are in stable condition. All of them are being treated in isolation, the commission said. Medical staff are at the forefront in the prevention and control of the epidemic, the commission said, noting that local hospitals have stepped up efforts to control nosocomial infections, protect medical professionals and strengthened routine monitoring, with suspected cases receiving timely testing and treatment. A high-level expert team of China's National Health Commission have confirmed people-to-people transmission of the 2019-nCoV and infections among medical staff. As of 6 p.m. Monday, a total of 224 cases of pneumonia caused by 2019-nCoV had been reported in China. Of them, 217 had been confirmed, with 14 in Guangdong Province, five in Beijing and 198 in Wuhan where the first case was identified with a third death confirmed on Jan 18.
WS5e2631cca310a2fabb7a1ab8	https://epaper.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/21/WS5e2631cca310a2fabb7a1ab8.html	2020-01-21	Authorities must put people's health first in resolute fight against coronavirus	President Xi Jinping said on Monday that the relevant departments must put people's health first, after it was revealed that there had been a sharp increase in the number of people infected with a new strain of coronavirus. His words should prompt the mobilization of all available resources to prevent a repeat of the SARS(severe acute respiratory syndrome) epidemic of 2003. His remarks came after health authorities on Monday confirmed many new cases of the virus and a third death from the outbreak, bringing the total number of reported cases to 224. That the new cases include people outside Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, where the virus was first detected last month, marks the spread of the virus to other parts of the country. And outside the Chinese mainland, there have been confirmed cases in countries such as Thailand, Japan and the Republic of Korea. To be fair, medical workers have done a good job by identifying the novel virus in such a short period of time. Yet in hindsight, Wuhan local health commission officials might have been hasty in considering human-to-human transmission unlikely, citing a lack of clear evidence when the first cases emerged, which were traced to a local seafood market believed to be the epicenter of the outbreak. Since then, there have been reports about patients diagnosed with the new coronavirus who had no exposure to the market. In response to the latest development, Li Gang, director and chief physician of the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention, on Sunday said "possibility of limited human-to-human transmission cannot be ruled out", though he insisted "the risk of continuous human-to-human transmission is low". Yet such remarks offer little reassurance given that after the SARS virus first infected humans, it mutated into a more virulent strain. And the stark reality the country is facing is a wider spread of the virus fueled by the Spring Festival travel rush that will see hundreds of millions of people traveling nationwide or overseas during the holidays. The National Health Commission said in a statement on Sunday that the pneumonia outbreak is still "preventable and controllable", and undoubtedly lessons were learned from the SARS epidemic. Yet the fact that the source of the virus has still not been identified and that its transmission path has not been completely mapped calls for urgent and more effective detection and quarantine measures to curb the spread of the epidemic. The health authorities can never be too cautious when dealing with public health hazards, especially when fighting a completely new strain of deadly virus. While measures such as beefing up monitoring and disinfection efforts, and conducting temperature detection at airports and train stations, as Wuhan has already taken, are indispensible, it is also important to keep the public fully informed. This is a lesson learned during the SARS outbreak at a very high cost in human lives. The country should not have to learn that lesson all over again.
WS5e25ba81a31012821727254e	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/20/WS5e25ba81a31012821727254e.html	2020-01-20	China to curb spread of the new coronavirus-related pneumonia	None
WS5e25a3f3a31012821727253b	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/20/WS5e25a3f3a31012821727253b.html	2020-01-20	Authorities must put people's health first in resolute fight against coronavirus: China Daily editorial	President Xi Jinping said on Monday that the relevant departments must put people's health first, after it was revealed that there had been a sharp increase in the number of people infected with a new strain of coronavirus. His words should prompt the mobilization of all available resources to prevent a repeat of the SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) epidemic of 2003. His remarks came after health authorities on Monday confirmed many new cases of the virus and a third death from the outbreak, bringing the total number of reported cases to 224. That the new cases include people outside Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, where the virus was first detected last month, marks the spread of the virus to other parts of the country. And outside the Chinese mainland, there have been confirmed cases in countries such as Thailand, Japan and the Republic of Korea. To be fair, medical workers have done a good job by identifying the novel virus in such a short period of time. Yet in hindsight, Wuhan local health commission officials might have been hasty in considering human-to-human transmission unlikely, citing a lack of clear evidence when the first cases emerged, which were traced to a local seafood market believed to be the epicenter of the outbreak. Since then, there have been reports about patients diagnosed with the new coronavirus who had no exposure to the market. In response to the latest development, Li Gang, director and chief physician of the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention, on Sunday said "possibility of limited human-to-human transmission cannot be ruled out", though he insisted "the risk of continuous human-to-human transmission is low". Yet such remarks offer little reassurance given that after the SARS virus first infected humans, it mutated into a more virulent strain. And the stark reality the country is facing is a wider spread of the virus fueled by the Spring Festival travel rush that will see hundreds of millions of people traveling nationwide or overseas during the holidays. The National Health Commission said in a statement on Sunday that the pneumonia outbreak is still "preventable and controllable", and undoubtedly lessons were learned from the SARS epidemic. Yet the fact that the source of the virus has still not been identified and that its transmission path has not been completely mapped calls for urgent and more effective detection and quarantine measures to curb the spread of the epidemic. The health authorities can never be too cautious when dealing with public health hazards, especially when fighting a completely new strain of deadly virus. While measures such as beefing up monitoring and disinfection efforts, and conducting temperature detection at airports and train stations, as Wuhan has already taken, are indispensible, it is also important to keep the public fully informed. This is a lesson learned during the SARS outbreak at a very high cost in human lives. The country should not have to learn that lesson all over again.
WS5e2588d2a310128217272519	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/20/WS5e2588d2a310128217272519.html	2020-01-20	Basic information about coronavirus pneumonia	Jin Ding/China Daily - What's coronavirus? The virus is common throughout the world, infecting both humans and animals. Before the emergence of the newest strain in Wuhan, Hubei province, six strains of coronavirus were known to affect humans, with four of them causing mild respiratory symptoms akin to common colds. The other two strains, SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome), are potentially lethal, having together killed about 1,600 people worldwide. - Is the new strain discovered in Wuhan linked to SARS or MERS? They all come from the same large family of coronaviruses, but the new strain belongs to a different subgroup. It also demonstrates marked differences in genome sequence from the SARS and MERS-related viruses and appears to be less deadly. However, scientists are cautious of possible mutations of the new strain that could raise the level of risk. - What are the symptoms of the new strain? Most patients experience mild symptoms including fever, fatigue, a dry cough and difficulty breathing. They can fully recover with effective treatment. In some cases, patients suffer severe respiratory failure, extremely low blood pressure and other life-threatening conditions. - How to protect yourself against the new coronavirus? Due to a lack of knowledge of the new strain, the World Health Organization has so far suggested general protective measures targeting other regular respiratory infections, including avoiding contact with people infected with respiratory illnesses, washing hands regularly and refraining from touching livestock or wild animals. Medical institutions should step up protection and control measures in their emergency.
WS5e2221dea310128217271cf9	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/18/WS5e2221dea310128217271cf9.html	2020-01-18	US to screen passengers for China coronavirus at three airports	Jin Ding/China Daily The United States will begin screening at three major airports people coming from the central Chinese city of Wuhan for the newly identified coronavirus that has killed one person and infected at least 40 more in China, public health officials said Friday. About 100 experts from the CDC are being deployed to the three airports. The first flight to be screened will arrive at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport on Friday night, Dr Martin Cetron, director of the CDC's division of global migration and quarantine, said. JFK is the only airport in New York where the screening will take place. Screening at San Francisco International and Los Angeles International will begin on Saturday. The disease is caused by a coronavirus, a member of a family of viruses that can cause respiratory ailments ranging from colds to pneumonia. Most people with the disease are believed to have contracted it from exposure to animals at a market that sells seafood and meat in Wuhan, and it isn't certain that the virus spreads from person to person. But a few cases have not been linked to animals, and researchers say some human-to-human transmission may be possible, so precautions are necessary. The risk from the coronavirus to Americans is deemed to be low, the CDC said. "But the earlier we detect, the better we can protect," Cetron said. THE CDC is doing the screening after travelers from Wuhan recently arrived in Thailand and Japan infected with the new virus. There have been two cases in Thailand and one in Japan. ``Considering global travel patterns, additional cases in other countries are likely," the World Health Organization said on Thursday. Last year, more than 60,000 passengers flew into the United States from the city of Wuhan, 700 miles south of Beijing. The vast majority flew into the three airports where the checks will take place, according to the CDC. January is the peak travel season from China to the United States because of the Chinese Lunar New Year, Cetron said. While the US State Department has issued a health alert update about travel to the Wuhan region, the CDC has urged citizens traveling in the region to avoid contact with animals, animal markets or animal products, among other precautions. Travelers arriving at the three airports in the US will be asked to fill out questionnaires asking if they have symptoms like cough or fever, and whether they have visited meat or seafood markets in Wuhan. Screeners will also use thermal scanners that can be pointed at the forehead or temple to check for fever. People with signs of the illness will be examined further, and those who seem likely to be infected will be sent on to area hospitals for further testing. Cetron declined to say which hospitals they would be sent to. REUTERS
WS5e211985a310128217271a5e	https://global.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/17/WS5e211985a310128217271a5e.html	2020-01-17	2nd novel coronavirus case outside China confirmed: WHO	GENEVA -- The World Health Organization (WHO) said Thursday that Japan confirmed a case of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), the second case found outside China three days after the confirmation of the first one in Thailand. Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare informed the WHO on Thursday that the case was a man who had traveled to the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Given the global travel patterns, the WHO warned that additional cases are likely to occur in other countries. Currently much remains to be understood about the new coronavirus, which was first identified in China earlier this month, the WHO said, adding that definitive conclusions about its transmission modes, clinical features, source of infection, or spreading extent have yet to be given. While encouraging all countries to continue to prepare for disease prevention, the WHO also provided guidance on how to monitor cases, treat patients, prevent onward transmission in healthcare facilities, maintain necessary supplies and communicate with the public about 2019-nCoV. The WHO is currently developing and updating such information in consultation with networks of experts across the globe. The WHO advised against the application of any travel or trade restrictions based on available information. Earlier on Monday, Thailand confirmed the first 2019-nCoV case outside China. The person was a traveler from Wuhan to Thailand, and was identified by Thai officials on Jan. 8 and then hospitalized later in the day. According to the WHO, coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases, such as Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV). 2019-nCoV is a new strain that has not been previously identified in humans.
WS5e1fca85a3101282172715fa	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/16/WS5e1fca85a3101282172715fa.html	2020-01-16	Japan confirms 1st case of pneumonia linked to coronavirus	[Photo/IC] TOKYO -- Japan confirmed its first case of pneumonia linked to the coronavirus, a government official said Thursday. According to the official, a Chinese national tested positive for the virus in Japan. The virus has affected dozens of people in China since the outbreak began last December in Wuhan, eastern China. The Chinese national who tested positive is believed to have traveled to Wuhan, officials said.
WS5e1d554fa310128217270cc6	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/14/WS5e1d554fa310128217270cc6.html	2020-01-14	Chinese tourist from Wuhan confirmed as 1st case of novel coronavirus in Thailand	[Photo/IC] BANGKOK -- A female tourist from the central Chinese city of Wuhan has been confirmed as the first person in Thailand infected with the novel coronavirus. Thai Deputy Prime Minister and Public Health Minister Anutin Charnvirakul told a press conference on Monday that the Chinese woman arrived at Suvarnabhumi airport on Bangkok's eastern outskirts on Jan 8. She was then found to have been infected with the novel coronavirus. She was sent from the airport to a hospital where she has recovered and has been ready to return to Wuhan, said Anutin. No other tourists to Thailand have been found infected with the new virus, according to Anutin. He said authorities at major Thai airports, including Don Mueang, Phuket, Chiang Mai and Suvarnabhumi, have been on alert for a possible pandemic of the new virus and have scanned tourists from Wuhan since earlier this month. The cluster of the novel coronavirus was initially reported on Dec. 31. Since then, most cases were found to involve workers at or frequent visitors to Wuhan's Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, which has been temporarily closed while environmental disinfection is carried out. Local authorities have so far confirmed 41 cases of the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, of which seven are classed as severe. One of the patients has died, though they were said to have had underlying health conditions. The main clinical symptom of the novel coronavirus is fever, while a few cases include breathing difficulties, with chest radiographs showing invasive pneumonic infiltrates in both lungs.
WS5e1bd3c9a310cf3e355841a7	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/13/WS5e1bd3c9a310cf3e355841a7.html	2020-01-13	Wuhan disease: New strain '80% similar to SARS coronavirus'	Professor Yuen Kwok-yung, right, speaks next to Wong Ka-hing, the Controller of the Centre for Health Protection of the Department of Health, during a press conference at the Health Department in Hong Kong, Jan 11, 2020. [ANDY WONG/AP] HONG KONG – The genetic sequence of the virus that caused a mystery disease outbreak in Wuhan is 80-percent similar to that of the pathogen which caused the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), according to a local microbiologist. Yuen Kwok-yung, Chair of Infectious Diseases of the University of Hong Kong's Department of Microbiology, told reporters on Saturday that the finding was made based on the genetic sequence of the virus obtained from a specimen of a Wuhan patient. Yuen, who met the press after one Wuhan patient with the disease died, said the sequence was revealed online by the Chinese mainland's medical authorities. But Yuen said that there was too little information to say whether the new coronavirus could cause an epidemic like the SARS outbreak in 2003, which infected nearly 2,000 people and killed nearly 300 in Hong Kong. Wong Ka-hing, controller of the Centre for Health Protection of the Department of Health, said all local patients returning from Wuhan with pneumonia-like symptoms were tested negative to the new coronavirus. Also on Saturday, the Hong Kong government announced to step up temperature screening of travelers at all border control points. Additional thermal imaging systems have been put in place at Hong Kong International Airport and more manpower assigned at West Kowloon Station to enhance temperature screening of travelers from Wuhan, according to a statement issued by the special administrative region's government. Patients presenting with fever and acute respiratory symptoms who had visited Wuhan within 14 days prior to the onset of the illness will be immediately referred to public hospitals for isolation, according to the statement. The government has also advised the MTR Corporation, Airport Authority and relevant airlines to enhance cleaning and disinfection on trains and airplanes arriving from Wuhan. As of Saturday noon, the Hospital Authority has reported 60 cases that might be related to Wuhan. Among all the suspected cases, 46 have been discharged and those patients staying in hospitals are in stable condition. With the arrangement of the National Health Commission, the city's Undersecretary for Food and Health Chui Tak-yi will visit Wuhan on Monday learn about the control measures and clinical management of the disease. Wuhan Municipal Health Commission announced on Saturday that one man who fell ill with the pneumonia-like disease had died while seven others were in serious condition. They were among a total of 41 cases reported on the mainland. The 61-year-old man with abdominal tumor and chronic liver disease died on Thursday night, according to the commission. He was a regular customer of a Wuhan seafood market which is believed to be the source of the diseas e.
WS5e19da80a310cf3e35583f15	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/11/WS5e19da80a310cf3e35583f15.html	2020-01-11	China to share with WHO new-type coronavirus' genome sequence: official	JIN DING/CHINA DAILY BEIJING - China will share with the World Health Organization (WHO) information on the genome sequence of a new-type coronavirus detected in viral pneumonia cases reported in Central China's Wuhan city to safeguard global health security, the National Health Commission said Saturday.
WS5e1908eba310cf3e35583dcf	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/11/WS5e1908eba310cf3e35583dcf.html	2020-01-11	1 dead, 41 diagnosed with coronavirus-related pneumonia in Wuhan	JIN DING/CHINA DAILY WUHAN -- One patient with viral pneumonia has been confirmed dead in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, and seven others were in critical condition, local health authorities said Saturday. Tentative diagnoses showed 41 cases suffer from pneumonia caused by a preliminarily determined new type of coronavirus by Friday, according to the Wuhan Municipal Health Commission. The rest were in stable condition, among which two have been discharged from hospital. A total of 739 close contacts, 419 of which are medical staff, have been placed under medical observation and no related cases were found, the commission said. The patients' condition and epidemic situation is currently controllable, said Wang Guangfa, a member of the national medical expert team dealing with the situation. The proportion of severe cases is similar to that among common pneumonia cases, Wang noted. Wuhan on Jan 5 reported 59 viral pneumonia cases with causes unknown previously.
WS5e17b594a310cf3e35583988	https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202001/10/WS5e17b594a310cf3e35583988.html	2020-01-10	New coronavirus is linked to outbreak	15 patients test positive for strain as pneumonia cases probed in Wuhan The mysterious pneumonia outbreak that has sickened about six dozen people in central China is linked to a new strain of coronavirus, Chinese researchers said on Thursday, adding that more investigation is required to unravel the novel strain. Coronavirus represents a large family of viruses whose impact on people ranges from mild common cold to life-threatening respiratory conditions. So far, six types of coronavirus are known to be able to infect people, including severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS. The outbreak of the mysterious pneumonia emerged in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Dec 12. As of Sunday, 59 cases had been confirmed, with seven patients in critical condition, according to the Wuhan Municipal Health Commission. Fifteen patients have tested positive for the new strain of coronavirus, and researchers have obtained its full genome sequence based on a sample isolated from one patient, according to Xu Jianguo, an academician with the Chinese Academy of Engineering who is leading an expert team on pathogen detection. He said more analysis and research are needed on the virus following the preliminary result. The World Health Organization, which is closely monitoring the outbreak, also said on Thursday that further investigations will be devoted to determining the source of the virus, its mode of transmission and extent of infection, as well as what countermeasures should be taken to curb its spread. "As surveillance improves, more coronaviruses are likely to be identified," the WHO said. According to Xu, it will take weeks to isolate the virus from those infected and determine how it attacks human bodies. "To create a drug targeting the virus or a vaccine is likely to take years," he added. According to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, six types of coronavirus have been identified, including SARS, which killed 774 people during an outbreak from late 2002 to 2003, and the Middle East respiratory syndrome that has claimed 851 lives since 2012. Both of the fatal viral infections had already been ruled out by researchers as the cause of the cluster of pneumonia cases in Wuhan last week, as well as bird flu, adenovirus infection and influenza. The remaining four members of the coronavirus family make up 10 to 30 percent of upper respiratory infections worldwide. In most cases, these viral infections will lead to mild symptoms such as headache, fever and sore throat, the center said. In Wuhan, health authorities have put 163 people who had close contact with the infected people under medical observation, and efforts to trace others who might have been exposed to the virus are ongoing. On Wednesday, eight hospitalized patients were discharged from the hospital after showing no fever or other symptoms of pneumonia for several days, according to a China Central Television report. On Jan 1, a local seafood market in Wuhan where some patients worked was temporarily shut down and thoroughly disinfected.
